Entertainment will be critical when cars drive themselves
Just meeting with Larry Ellison to seek some advice. Back working on Tesla end of quarter tomorrow.
Absolutely
What should Tesla do with in-car gaming in an autonomous world?
Absolutely
Taste of the future
Try playing Polytopia in your Tesla! Great game. Multiplayer online version coming soon.
Focus on making products &amp; services people truly love, so that the total economic pie is bigger, instead of engaging in zero-sum/negative-sum corporate power struggles. This is the good future.
Roughly % of parts in Tesla Roadster were unique not in any other product. Unfortunately, since we started out with the (dumb, in retrospect) goal of simply adapting Lotus Elise to electric, we ended up with a % too small sports car that seems kinda like a Lotus.
Yes
Very important
Ok, service might be able to do this. Will check.
You mean install the external speaker on earlier cars that dont have it?
No, but definitely this year
Good point
Interesting
Liz has always done great interviews
Falcon was % of successful orbital launches in , but maybe a majority of payload to orbit. Anyone done the math?
Vaccines are just the start. Its also capable in theory of curing almost anything. Turns medicine into a software &amp; simulation problem.
Yes
We will offer multiple display options
A few more revisions needed. Probably Beta or .
Sure
Haha ok
There are subtle, important, differences between US &amp; Canada traffic rules, but FSD beta will be extended to Canada very soon
Yes
We need a match other traffic speed setting
Definitely
Its a step in that direction
Its one or /2 if you dont have a car with pedestrian speaker. We couldnt get everything done in time, but more stuff coming.
The writing on Cobra Kai is sick
Haha I will save you the nightmare of seeing me in those shorts
You can upload custom music/sounds
Unfortunately, pedestrian speaker is needed, otherwise no external sound generator except actual horn
Change your horn sound to , , or holiday jingles with latest Tesla software update!
Merry Christmas &amp; happy holidays!
Great game!
It will most likely make sense for Starlink to go public once the revenue growth is reasonably predictable
Engineering, design &amp; general company operations absorb vast majority of my mind &amp; are the fundamental limitation on doing more. Capital allocation is important, but low CPU load. Tesla public company duties are a much bigger factor, but going private is impossible now (sigh).
Yes
A few months
Coming soon
Minor
Yeah
story rocket turns off its engines &amp; does a controlled fall
Yup, were just ironing out a few bugs
To Tesla owners taking delivery in the final days of year, your support is super appreciated!!
Frictionless AI. What could possibly go wrong?
Good idea
During the darkest days of the Model program, I reached out to Tim Cook to discuss the possibility of Apple acquiring Tesla (for /10 of our current value). He refused to take the meeting.
Strange, if true. - Tesla already uses iron-phosphate for medium range cars made in our Shanghai factory. - A monocell is electrochemically impossible, as max voltage is ~100X too low. Maybe they meant cells bonded together, like our structural battery pack?
Spartas reply to Macedon
Hi Liz!
Thanks to everyone who worked so hard to make Tesla successful. My heart goes out to you.
Indeed
It was a seriously twisted affair, but alls that ends well.
They are, although its kind low-key. Tesla Superchargers are being made accessible to other electric cars.
Are such large transactions even possible?
i love all u crazy ppl out there
You have a point (sigh)
Great game
Pretty much. The main value of college used to be hanging out, having pseudo intellectual conversations &amp; partying with people your own age. Now, even thats gone.
Come for the comments, stay for the memes
Absolutely. We will release FSD subscription early next year.
One word: Doge
Bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money
Great nails &amp; lipstick
Nice
Sounds about right
Lord Edge
Nice branding
Just kidding, who needs a safe word anyway!?
Bitcoin is my safe word
Standing down for today to inspect rocket. Hopefully launching tomorrow.
Pressure is slightly high in upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Review underway.
I am hoping to be back next month!
Very impressive mission by China!
Last launch of coming up
He was indeed quite grumpy, but we did not actually know what we were doing, so he had a point
It will get absurdly good. Tesla AI/Autopilot engineering is awesome! Theres some great AI out there, but can it self-drive while playing Cyberpunk ?
Star Light, Star Bright
This is incorrect
But it is visually stunning &amp; playability is good
A t-shirt being better armor than a Kevlar chest plate doesnt make sense in the absence of magic. Also, wish there werent level-based item limits in a single-player game.
Oh and umm
I absolutely support trans, but all these pronouns are an esthetic nightmare
The Raptors were well below max thrust or the ship would have blown through the altitude limit. As we hit min throttle point, an engine would shut off.
Far from fully loaded, but we were going slow or the ship would have gone crazy high/far with three engines
Its a good to great game imo, but improving what may seem like mere surface detail would make it unequivocally great
Perhaps slightly more confident, but its essential to view this as output vs time. As with all manufacturing, especially new technology, output will follow an S-curve. Very slow at first, but increasing exponentially, then linear, then logarithmic.
Dankeschn Brandenburg und Grnheide!
Sure hope that future doesnt come to pass!
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg will be the first to use our new structural pack architecture, (worlds most advanced cells, made on-site), both front &amp; rear body castings &amp; advanced paint shop. Warning: with so much new technology, production timing is naturally harder to predict.
Original Deus Ex was incredible, Human Revolution was also great
The objective reality is that it is impossible to run an advanced game well on old hardware. This is a much more serious issue:
Ascent to the Heavens
Yeah, briefly. Seems pretty good. I picked Nomad, so start was a little slow, but picks up fast. Seemed like almost everyone on Steam was playing Cyberpunk at some point this weekend!
Hehe
init void
*cooling haha
I still have a soft spot in my heart for transpiration cooking. In theory, it would use more mass than a tile heatshield, but that remains to be seen.
Ship leeward side will be bare metal, windward will have black, hexagonal heat shield tiles
Yes
Agreed, should be preserved in memory of SN8
Exactly! Woohoo!!
SN8 did great! Even reaching apogee wouldve been great, so controlling all way to putting the crater in the right spot was epic!!
Thank you, South Texas for your support! This is the gateway to Mars.
Life, the Universe and Everything
Yeah, engines did great!
Mars, here we come!!
Fuel header tank pressure was low during landing burn, causing touchdown velocity to be high &amp; RUD, but we got all the data we needed! Congrats SpaceX team hell yeah!!
Successful ascent, switchover to header tanks &amp; precise flap control to landing point!
Near-orbital space is the fastest way to travel long distance on Earth!
Its called the Space Station, but its actually moving around Earth at ~25 times the speed of sound or ~10 times faster than a rifle bullet
So long, and thanks for the orifice! - Alien message decrypted
Probably /3 chance of completing all mission objectives
Hopefully flying tomorrow
Yup
Out on the pad in South Texas
Wow, Station looks amazing!
Knock, knock, singing telegram!
Carrying even more symbiotic bacteria (~40 trillion) than cells
Yes
We are mobile cell colonies
Im Gesprch mit Mathias Dpfner
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Yes, it does.
And no toilet paper
Watch Demolition Man
Prometheus Unbound
Not bad
It was a beast compared to the VIC-20
Award accepted on behalf of the great people at Tesla, SpaceX, Neuralink &amp; Boring Co
Much of what people think of an science is actually engineering, eg no such thing as a rocket scientist, only rocket engineers. Latter is who put humans on the moon.
Science is discovering the essential truths about what exists in the Universe, engineering is about creating things that never existed
It does get a bit cold at night
Paint makes a hell of a difference
Congrats!
Thanks for everything you did to help build SpaceX! Some of the best memories ever.
It will be real soon
Starship legs are one of the hardest problems. Externally mounted legs require shielding, which adds mass. Wider stance adds mass. Shock absorbers add mass. That said, we need better legs.
Static fire is not risky from build site, but we need to clear the build site for early flights
Just a static fire tomorrow. Flight no earlier than Wednesday.
It will have landing legs
Yes, very sad news. Tony was great.
For a second there, I thought that was a pic of Thanos haha
Yeah, truncate zeros &amp; then round
Probably going to a wider beta in ~2 weeks
fp16 with least important digits truncated (so it feels like fp32) is what were betting on for training with Dojo
Int8 for almost all heavy lifting in inference works great
But actually!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hopefully next month
Ok. Overall air suspension height &amp; damping algorithm is getting a lot of attention. Will be linked to FSD, so acts automatically.
Haha true
The Promise is greatly needed
We will have special colors for new Roadster, as we did for the original
. is savage
If you ever wondered where we came from
This is a life leader launch, so more risk than normal
Yes, but only slightly filled
This is a subject of much debate
Major upgrades are slated for SN15
Many small improvements, but overall similar. Wiring is more robust, engines are more mature, nosecone is sealed better, etc.
But thats why we have SN &amp; SN10
Lot of things need to go right, so maybe /3 chance
Good Starship SN8 static fire! Aiming for first km / ~50k ft altitude flight next week. Goals are to test engine ascent, body flaps, transition from main to header tanks &amp; landing flip.
Maybe start on that a year from now. Depends on how Starship progress goes.
Not yet
Not bad! We will definitely need more engines if we make the cargo bay all propellant, but its probably smarter than a whole new shorter external hull.
Rapid &amp; complete rocket reuse, low cost propellant, orbital refilling &amp; propellant production at destination are the four essential elements of making life multiplanetary
Yes
Were still far from simply video in, control out. The biggest game-changer, currently underway at Tesla, is degree, high fps video for labeling, training &amp; inference.
FSD Beta coming out in a few days. Improvement should be significant.
Exciting mission!
Wow
Yea
Tomorrow will be the th flight of this rocket, landing on droneship Of Course I Still Love You
Sure
True
We have quiet a queue of products to build! Better do new Roadster at some point.
Fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
Yes
Our data center was named Skynet as a joke over years ago. Might have been tempting fate!
Tesla is a vehicle for creating &amp; producing many useful products
Largest cast titanium part in the world. No heat shielding needed.
Landing at Vandenberg AFB in California
Actually, off to the side (so it doesnt take out the launch mount in bad landing), but with the same arm used to pick up the ship
Where it should be!
Because I am not an investor. Tesla is definitely not the only good company, but investing is not what I do. But I always put my own money into companies I help create, otherwise itd be wrong to ask others to do so.
Well, almost anything
Quite the day ahead
Now *this* is what youd call pointy!
Cool
Theyre moving at ~25 times the speed of sound, but it feels like nothing
There will always be upgrades
It will be better than human vision by quite a margin
Reality looks like a strange ghost-world at radar wavelengths. Almost everything except metal is translucent.
Exactly
This is a misperception. SpaceX developed &amp; continues to use lidar for Dragon docking with . Just pointless imo for self-driving. If youre going to do active photon generation, use an occlusion penetrating wavelength, like precision radar at ~4mm.
One day we will fly you on Starship
Well done!
I cant comment on turbopump internal details, but youre roughly in the ballpark. Wow, rocket turbopumps, especially if oxygen-rich, are insanely hard! Arguably, the hardest mechanical/fluids/combustion problem known to exist.
To be clear, this was just an XPeng problem. Other companies in China have not done this.
Andrej is awesome, but it should be said that we have a very talented Autopilot/AI team at Tesla. Too much credit comes to me &amp; Andrej.
Yeah. They stole Apples code too.
They have an old version of our software &amp; dont have our NN inference computer
Wild times!
Congrats!
Yup
Change out a few parts, otherwise fine
Caution strongly advised with SPACs
Sure
Haha sexy cropping champion of all time
If next weeks release looks good, we will widen beta
Unfortunately, there are too many rules around liquor distribution, even in the US. However, we will be selling the lightning bottle &amp; shot glasses worldwide.
Next weeks release is special. Lot of fundamental improvements, both important bug fixes &amp; entire new areas of functionality.
years &amp; $11 billion wow
Safety is our primary design goal
Fully
Let the Martians decide their own future
A lot of my brain space is spent dealing with both units!
Terraforming will be too slow to be relevant in our lifetime. However, we can establish a human base there in our lifetime. At least a future spacefaring civilization discovering our ruins will be impressed humans got that far.
That is certainly the intention!
The only publicly traded stock I own is Tesla
Wise words from Bogle. The point of companies is products &amp; services. They have no point in &amp; of themselves, nor do these indices. Buy &amp; hold stock in companies where you love the product roadmap, sell where you dont.
No, just a mild cold. Same with my bro. Def had cov2 though. Pc&lt;20 means viral load of &gt;10 million per mL.
Life in glass domes at first. Eventually, terraformed to support life, like Earth.
Yeah
I was going to say Sim!, but that seemed too obvious haha
Deveras!
And cases with high (non-infectious) Ct should quarantine for a few days, while getting another test. Second test determines whether theyre just beginning to get ill or are on the long tail afterwards, where viral fragments exist, but person is not infectious.
So many things you want &amp; some you didnt know you wanted
Maybe a little Mercy
Tesla holiday software release is
Cobra Kai is a deep cut
Its all cake &amp; someone took a bite
There is such a thing as too much sentience
Deus ex machine learning
Its designed to make life multiplanetary, otherwise extreme overkill for mere Earth sector activity! Starship fleet mass to orbit per year will be more than times all current Earth rockets combined, including Falcon. Necessary, for a city on Mars.
More like he gave it his blessing. It was sort of a groundswell of those who believed in the scientific method in London.
Nullius in Verba
Indeed
Dojo/Doge
Yeah, looks like marginal cost of launch will be less than $1M for more than tons to orbit, so its mostly about fixed costs divided by launches per year
Exactly
Merlin is a strong local maximum design, but kerosene is suboptimal fuel, no matter what you do. What matters is cost per ton to Mars. CH4 is the only choice imo. Important: O2/CH4 allows OF ratio of ~3.5 vs ~2.5 for kerosene, so ~78% of propellant is oxygen.
Yes, but from a visiting American. Ah, the irony is just too much!!
Yeah, PCR Ct was unequivocal at &lt;20. Doesnt matter what method you use at that low a cycle threshold.
Maybe making some notable changes. Will wait until figurative &amp; literal dust settles.
Pretty close. Definitely feel if I take DayQuil. Frankly, this was one of the mildest cold/flu experiences Ive ever had.
Avionics cables moving to steel pipe shields &amp; adding water-cooled steel pipes to test pad
About secs after starting engines, martyte covering concrete below shattered, sending blades of hardened rock into engine bay. One rock blade severed avionics cable, causing bad shutdown of Raptor.
The most amazing thing about rocket engines is that they *sometimes* dont blow up! The amount of power going through them boggles the mind.
We should just count the atoms at this point
Absolutely. Production/testing of rocket engines is over % of the problem. This is true in general. For cars, production is over % of the problem. That % inspiration is very important, but its less than % of the pain.
Our first Merlin engine design was really bad tbh. Nothing worked well &amp; some parts didnt work at all. years later &amp; thousands of upgrades make it a great GG cycle engine.
Maybe *I* just love irony haha
Theyre on their way! Hopefully, more Teslaquila next month.
Special permission received from Stonecutters Guild!
Fate Irony
Well said.
Damn, thats not easy! I spent quite a bit of time looking at Russian/Ukrainian engines. Theyre good.
Yes
Toss a bitcoin to ur Witcher
CureVac, Moderna &amp; a few others. Tesla makes the machine CureVac uses to go from known gene sequence to trillions of lipid-coated mRNA strands.
Creating synthetic mRNA for cures/vaccines is the future of medicine imo. Turns it (mostly) into a software &amp; modeling problem.
Haha
Great thread
Im ok, thanks for asking. No symptoms for past few days, apart from fatigue. Unless something changes, would have to say that it simply felt like a mild cold.
Launch in minutes
Yeah, with cooling channels integrated into the chamber walls
The same propellant is used either for abort or for orbital maneuvering, as one use obviates the other
Dragon can also hover &amp; land propulsively, but we use the parachutes for maximum safety
Thrusters are integrated with spacecraft, enabling abort capability all the way to abort for increased safety
Ok
Yeah, I feel pretty normal. No symptoms right now. Last week, I had symptoms of a minor cold. Ive had some brutal flu/cold experiences, but this was mild &amp; hopefully over.
Doing tests from several different labs, same time of day, administered by RN &amp; am requesting N1 gene PCR cycle threshold. There is no official standard for PCR testing. Not sure people realize this.
Both obv insanely great, too bad they had this pointless argument
Astronaut launch today!
No kids though
Hell of a wig collection too
It would be great if labs could give people this level of granular feedback in their results
Worth reading this thread if youre curious about rona testing
They should be imo. If you get a blood pressure test, they tell you the number, not just if its high/not-high. There is not a clear consensus on what Ct value of what cov2 gene constitutes positive.
A little up &amp; down. Feels just like a regular cold, but more body achy &amp; cloudy head than coughing/sneezing. DayQuil rocks.
In your opinion, at what Ct number for the cov2 N1 gene should a PCR test probably be regarded as positive? If Im asking the wrong question, what is a better question?
Cool, but please be super cautious. Expect two steps forward, one back. Lot of new code was merged.
Just a scratch. We can buff it out.
Am getting wildly different results from different labs, but most likely I have a moderate case of covid. My symptoms are that of a minor cold, which is no surprise, since a coronavirus is a type of cold.
NPCs all the way up
Ahem
Unless youre on DMT
Laws of thermodynamics: . You cant win . You cant break even . You cant stop playing
Shakes fist at entropy
Big expansion of beta program in to weeks!
Interesting. My Thursday night saliva sample came back today with N1 gene (unique to cov2) showing at cycle &amp; N3 (generic sars) at . I get results of todays test tomorrow. Almost no symptoms today, so hopefully better results.
Whats honey?
Feels that way
This seems accurate
Cold symptoms are gone for now
There are degrees of pos
Heneghan makes a lot of sense. Hilarious that he has to clarify that he runs the Center for *Evidence-Based* Medicine at Oxford . General public doesnt realize quite how much of medicine is subjective or outright witchcraft.
The number of PCR amplification cycles required to detect the virus is a rough indicator of your viral load. From what I can gather, youre probably not infectious above &amp; you probably are below . Sound about right?
This a great reference! Worth a read.
Case closed
Soon
Fwiw, lab I just spoke to thinks below is accurate, to gets dicey &amp; above is bs. Will talk to several more labs. There must be a graph of PCR amplification cycle vs false positive rate somewhere.
Lab I just spoke to said cov2 PCR detection (N1 &amp; N3 genes) below cycles is reliable &amp; above cycles is not
Note, this is not the spike protein. They dont consider that reliable.
Just spoke directly to a testing lab. Their main PCR search is for the N1 gene, unique to cov2. N3 is also sought, but is generic to other sars viruses. High PCR cycle count *does* give false positives, but they believe accuracy is good below cycles &amp; cycles is their max.
Strange
Possible explanation for the dramatic decline in cold &amp; flu prevalence vs prior years. If someone comes in with cold/flu symptoms &amp; falsely tests positive for cov2, they will assume they have it, when in fact they simply have some other form of seasonal cold/flu.
Moreover, lower the true prevalence, the higher the false positive number will be. This sounds obvious, but it could mean a very high false positive percentage if true prevalence is low.
From
Sure is
Would be great to hear from people who know a lot about the PCR testing industry. Whats the approximate false positive rate, all things considered, for cov2 PCR tests?
Interesting
Interesting
What is the general population (no knowledge of symptoms) accuracy of a sars-cov2 PCR test &amp; is it possible to generate a false positive if you simply run enough cycles?
A good PCR test should identify if I have the cov2 spike proteins, although I have heard some low accuracy numbers for those too. Hard to get a straight answer. False positives will roughly scale with of tests &amp; daily test rate has gone ballistic:
Mild sniffles &amp; cough &amp; slight fever past few days. Right now, no symptoms, although I did take NyQuil.
Technically, I tested positive, then negative twice, then positive again, so Elon Musk Tests Negative for Covid is an equally correct title. The rapid antigen test from BD seems to be about as useful as a flipping a coin.
The carousel turns ever faster
Yup
Exactly
Symptoms of a typical cold. Nothing unusual so far.
If its happening to me, its happening to others. Im getting PCR tests from separate labs. Results will take about hours.
Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for covid four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same machine, same test, same nurse. Rapid antigen test from BD.
Burst disk worked, so vehicle appears to be ok. Well have to swap out at least one of the engines.
Maybe melted an engine preburner or fuel hot gas manifold. Whatever it is caused pneumatics loss. We need to design out this problem.
We lost vehicle pneumatics. Reason unknown at present. Liquid oxygen header tank pressure is rising. Hopefully triggers burst disk to relieve pressure, otherwise its going to pop the cork.
Astronauts fly to on Sat night from Cape. First operational flight of Crew Dragon.
Luck is the best superpower
Yes
It is an honor that they would choose to work with me. I strive to ensure that the companies enable creative &amp; driven people to reach their potential.
Such a privilege to work with people I like &amp; respect so much. I feel blessed.
Probably
Happy to see this
I do expect this to become an important product for the world, but probably not financially material for Tesla
Theres no entry/braking burn &amp; hypersonic angle of attack is ~70 degrees
Tesla makes the RNA Bioreactor that can make vaccines / cures. CureVac has version in use. Version is under development.
Checking
I just hope this game doesnt twist itself to tedium out of fear of being canceled
Yes, you can have my damn cookie! should be a browser setting
Thanks to a lot of great Autopilot/AI hardware &amp; software engineers at Tesla!
For sure
Will be worth it
Exactly
Sure
Actually, its still there
Wait until you see what Cybertruck will do
This is accidental. Will be back shortly.
Am hoping to change booster design to land back on launch mount with no legs. Will require extreme precision.
Chip has temp sensor &amp; automatically maintains safe temp
Enough already on my plate &amp; Teslas. Maybe one day will do a prototype. Those are relatively easy. Volume production with high reliability &amp; low cost &amp; passing all regulations is X harder.
Neuralink wont overclock the brain, it will transfer processing to the supercomputer extension of your brain. This is basically what you do when you use a smartphone or computer, but a Neuralink will have orders of magnitude faster input &amp; output, especially latter.
We rewrote all labeling software for D. Very different from labeling single photos. Dojo wont contribute for about a year. Its mostly a generalized NN training computer, but benchmark were tracking is frames/second. Must beat next gen GPU/TPU clusters or its pointless.
Version is about a year away
It would appear that their calculations were incorrect
China understands the profound importance of reusability. The era of expendable rockets will soon be over.
Tesla Autopilot/AI team
Good explanation. D is essential for dynamically occluded objects, especially in large intersections with dense vehicle &amp; pedestrian traffic. Frame rate &amp; latency from frame to wheel vector change also important.
The Phantom of the Opera Is here inside your mind
Just looking for problem-solvers who get things done with a high sense of urgency. Dont care if or where they went to school.
When sending your resume, please describe a few of the hardest problems you solved &amp; exactly how you solved them
A New Banner is needed Neither hard left nor right
Another fine day in the simulation
Faraday invented the electric motor, Tesla the (commutator-free, three-phase) AC induction motor, in other words, a useful electric motor
Maxwell was amazing. Should have more recognition. Tesla Motors, Inc., was almost called Faraday, as it took until late /2005 to buy the trademark from a guy who had had it since .
is ten times better than
Awaiting approval from Canadian authorities
Recruiting ace engineers for Giga Berlin! Will interview in person tomorrow on site. Send resume to Guns.com.
Stop being a chad
Uh Chad wtf
Einstein was great, but did not succeed at engineering (and he tried)
Yeah, that will be relatively easy, as so few users out in the ocean
Yes, although I didnt expect the stock to rise so much so soon. The reason for the stock options is that theyre needed to help pay for humanity to get to Mars in to years.
Super appreciate your support, Steve! That convertible loan gave us months of runway. Fortunately, Daimler invested $50M in May , months later.
Closest we got was about a month. The Model ramp was extreme stress &amp; pain for a long time from mid to mid . Production &amp; logistics hell.
I put in my last money, even though I thought we would still fail. But, it was either that or certain death for Tesla. Extremely difficult to raise money for an electric car startup (considered super quirky back then), while stalwarts like GM &amp; Chrysler were going bankrupt.
That funding round completed pm on Christmas Eve in . Last hour of last day possible, as investors were leaving town that night &amp; we were days away from bankruptcy. I put in all money I had, didnt own a house &amp; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent. Difficult time.
Yes
Lowering Starlink terminal cost, which may sound rather pedestrian, is actually our most difficult technical challenge
As soon as we get regulatory approval. Hopefully, around middle of next year.
Right now, it takes about mins to set up, but, with future improvements, probably less than mins. No technical knowledge needed. Just point at open sky &amp; plug in!
Canada and Norway are next after we get US out of early beta!
Didnt realize that was possible. No problem if theres a way get current design Cybertruck approved in Europe!
As soon as we get country approval. This is required for each country individually, as no EU-wide approval system exists. Probably start receiving final (there are many steps) approvals around Feb/March.
Lower latitude states need more satellites in position, so probably January
Several thousand more Starlink beta participation invitations going out this week
New design is better with many minor tweaks. Even the small details matter.
Haha
Very close to actual expected flight!
I could not be more excited about the new supercollider! That said, while it is considerably larger, I dont think it necessarily requires all that much incremental engineering.
Sure, maybe in a month or so
Well, its basically a tank from the future thats road-legal, so yeah
Tesla Texas team is making great progress! Giga Texas factory will be an asskicker.
Yes
Penguin Random House should change the name to Random Penguin
Sure, although it might be quite a short livestream! Lot can go wrong, but well provide video, warts &amp; all. You will see every frame that we do.
This is what matters most
Weve tested a sub-scale version in a wind tunnel with active aero closing the loop for stability, so it will probably work at scale, but reality tends to bite you on the ass
Lord of the
Yeah. Although, if it fails right at the end, some landing pad repair will be needed to fill in the crater.
Minor
Understanding exactly how the body flaps control pitch, yaw &amp; roll during descent, such that the ship is positioned well to relight, flip &amp; land, would be a big win
But, a RUD right off launch pad is also possible. Fortunately, SN9 is almost ready.
Stable, controlled descent with body flaps would be great. Transferring propellant feed from main to header tanks &amp; relight would be a major win.
Every to days
Faults will never be zero, but at some point the probability of a fault will be far lower than that of the average human
We measure this primarily in intervention probability. This update addressed several issues, resulting in perhaps ~1/3 fewer interventions. Many of the improvements consist of fixing silly bugs vs grand eureka moments. True for most beta releases in my experience.
Thanks to a great Autopilot/AI team working super hard! Doing neural nets without testing them against reality has led some groups to overestimate what theyre doing. Reality is the hardest sim.
Latency will improve significantly soon. Bandwidth too.
This build should be noticeably better with interventions
Yes
Ive spent more than half my life in California &amp; love the state. But, frankly, I think CA has the winning-for-too-long problem. Like a sports team with many championships, it is increasingly difficult to avoid complacency &amp; a sense of entitlement.
And Sweden is still right with zero deaths Oct
True. Also, fewer heart attacks, as way easier to pump blood in % gravity.
Now were talking. Also, Stephenson -18 is in the constellation Scrotum haha.
Small fry. The sun converts over million tons of mass to energy every second.
Accurate
Some challenges with high winds. Looks like Sunday for static fire.
Great shot!
Future AI will appreciate this
Truth is stranger than fiction
Urf is so sml
For a long time
Truth be told, Ive eaten at JitB many times over the years, even the teriyaki bowl
Might buy a Jack in the Box footstool
Approximately, log(rate)
Same bot, just change setting to combat
Well, being a phased array antenna, it is actually rather flat!
Tesla should make catgirl robots?
Little crane: Am I just a toy to you!?
Come here no, come, here
Wow, this mayo sure is salty!
Max Payne was great on many levels. Silent Hill good too.
Jack in the Box should do double duty as a sperm donor clinic name is
One of the best games ever
FEAR with modern graphics &amp; sound would rock
Ok
All games in this thread are far scarier &amp; more creatively so than any horror movie
FEAR is best imo. Also Dead Space . They will haunt your dreams.
To the best of my knowledge, literally zero equipment was usable without major repairs or upgrades. Most of the factory had no equipment at all! Even light bulbs were missing in some areas. GM &amp; Toyota took everything that worked &amp; moved it to their other factories.
All that was left were broken bots &amp; equipment hardly worth the scrap metal value. But we scrounged up spare parts, fixed the trusty old bots &amp; brought the factory back to life.
And there were actually zero employees in the factory after GM/Toyota left. They took all good equipment &amp; sold most of rest for scrap. It looked apocalyptic inside.
Bettern nothin or ur back!
Tesla team has done great work!
Well, tbh, our capex efficiency in was trash
Testing for covid is a license to print money
Yes, very helpful. Thanks all beta testers!
Video training &amp; inference is essential for excellent autonomy
Sigh there should be a new supersonic jet, this time electric
Critical to humanitys future
Congratulations SpaceX Team!
Mine is a few days ahead
Sure, it could be an option in settings
Visualization will tone down significantly for production. These are intentionally strident colors.
Sure
Im in Boca every week, so maybe we could talk then. Given that Starship is not exactly subtle, this is more of a design clarification to match what people can already see.
Good point. Probably next week in form of a written piece on SpaceX website.
Great pics! That we now have the beginnings of a Starship production system is most meaningful.
Yup. With beta updates, therell be a lot of steps fwd, step back situations, but pace of improvement will be extremely fast.
Working on it. Also needs to be able fart at other cars on command.
Starship is coming together!
Price change is pushed to Thursday next week. Applies only to US for now. One week clock will start in other countries as beta is released. FSD monthly rental will also be available sometime next year.
There will be a deg glass Star Bar (name tbd) at top of high bay
Well, we have said many times that the price will rise as the product functionality improves. How much time do you think we should give?
Agreed. Are these performance tires?
Just a small-seeming issue with loss of upper stage camera. Probably nothing serious, but standing down to re-examine whole vehicle just in case.
Sure
Now that Tesla FSD beta is out in limited release, FSD price (new or upgrade) will go up by ~$2k on Monday
As soon as we complete testing &amp; regulators approve. So many different traffic signs, rules &amp; languages around world, not to mention driving on left side of road! Also, a long &amp; challenging road lies ahead getting to high s reliability (way beyond human).
Yes
Haha
Dependent on proving high safety
Not intentional! We just wanted to show that you could theoretically convert the entire US vehicle fleet to electric using only the lithium in Nevada, a single state. Tesla will do lithium mining only as needed. We also found a way to extract lithium using NaCl (table salt).
Cold gas for now, hot later
I mean, ya gotta have a tiki bar
Starship nosecone, high bay &amp; tiki bar
After it gets to orbit a few times
Got a little melty tbh
Those engines could go bar, but would be dicey. Pushing it for near-term tests doesnt achieve anything, but Im confident Raptor will do bar for orbital flights.
Raptor has now run for secs at bar chamber pressure before encountering issues. mT-F sea level operating thrust seems achievable with no major changes. R-Boost variant is aiming for ton thrust at bar with same nozzle exit area. Will need bigger pumps.
FSD beta rollout happening tonight. Will be extremely slow &amp; cautious, as it should.
Data from engine Starship static fire this morning looks good. Proceeding with nosecone mate.
Yes. We also have to consider population life-months lost from lockdowns &amp; other restrictions vs life-months lost from any given disease.
Sweden at zero deaths Oct
Yes
Firmware is probably a slightly more accurate description, but yes
Mobi-C has too much mobility, fusion has too little. We need Mobi-D haha.
Actually, its my neck
Maybe I can be helpful. Had Mobi-C disc put in at C5-C6, however st surgery failed to remove bone spur sticking into my spinal cord. nd surgery took care of it. Recommend using Yelp or other online reviews of doctors. Effectiveness varies widely.
Pretty accurate. Its not so much DNA sequencing as it is using synthetic DNA/RNA to fix bugs in our code &amp; inform immune system what to attack.
London to Beijing would be cool
Wow, that would be quite a trip!
Thats my kid haha
mtr trnd
Looks like snoopy
Current production is slightly better
Doesnt seem to be any life in this solar system. Maybe under the ice of Europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of Mars. Worth reading:
Very creative
That free fusion reactor in the sky conveniently converts ~4 million tons of mass into energy every second. We just need to catch an extremely tiny amount of it to power all of civilization.
You never know
After
Also, system should autodelete old data automatically by default
Table in tension
Yes
Starting production on seater next month, initial deliveries early December
The gauntlet has been thrown down! The prophecy will be fulfilled. Model S price changes to $69,420 tonight!
More great renderings! Significant improvements coming to the welds.
Congratulations!
Making progress
meter or roughly ft diameter
Will be less roomy with vacuum rocket engines added
Its still there, but focus is Vegas &amp; Prufrock, our new tunneling machine
For sure
Maybe a month or so. Some finishing touches need to be done on the stations.
We simplified this a lot. Its basically just Teslas in tunnels at this point, which is way more profound than it sounds.
Sweet
Yes. Everything is slow to a phased array antenna.
Nice
What is love? Baby dont hurt me. Winston Churchill
Or maybe weak turrets to allow more strategic degrees of freedom
Please buff Torbs turret!
Um yes
I have Goosebumps merch. Not sure how tbh.
HG2G
LotR
The Illuminaughty
Knee deep
Yeah
At least success is in the set of all possible outcomes this time!
Diess is doing his best to move in the right direction, but hes in a tough position with so many constituencies to please. No way to make everyone happy.
Good grief! SpaceX is getting zero money for this. Starship is designed to carry people &amp; cargo around Earth (also to moon &amp; Mars). Vast majority of use will be civilian. Its just like an airline in space. All airlines sometimes carry military cargo, but ~99% is civilian.
With FSD, we got stuck in a lot of local maximums, which wasnt clear until we hit the ceiling. This time, its right.
Thank you, much more accurate haha
This graph appears to be upside down
Sheer magnitude of the entire production system is hard to appreciate. Almost every element of production is &gt;75% automated. Only wire harnesses &amp; general assembly, which are &lt;10% of production costs, are primarily manual.
Will release order configurator probably in Jan
Limited FSD beta releasing on Tuesday next week, as promised. This will, at first, be limited to a small number of people who are expert &amp; careful drivers.
The SoCs sync with each other to times/sec, exchanging output of NNs that should be in harmony, like a symphony, so its fairly obvious when one is discordant
Tesla FSD computers dual SoCs function like twin engines on planes they each run different neural nets, so we do get full use of TOPS, but there are enough nets running on each to allow the car to drive to safety if one SoC (or engine in this analogy) fails.
Accurate analysis. Quite a few ego/intelligence&gt;&gt;1 people in your comment thread haha. Neither MobilEye nor Nvidia, which are certainly good companies, could meet any of our capability, schedule, cost or power requirements.
Glad Jen is safe!
Wow
Uh ok, here we go
I dont think this is accurate
Yeah, there are literally &gt;1000% more cameras than years ago, but still zero clear photos
Even if half that amount, its still a big deal!
I have seen no evidence of an advanced civilization visiting Earth. Fuzzy pics that are worse than a /11 security cam frame grab dont count!
We face a tough dichotomy of applying resources to the old architecture or applying them to the new. Its not a question of money. If there was a great engineer factory, we would place a large order! Unfortunately, great engineers are very rare. This is solved in the FSD build.
Definitely
Exactly. He plays the poor inventor card, but was rich all along &amp; invented nothing (as far as I know). I went down to zero cash or sellable assets in /2009, had no house &amp; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
There are sketchy edits to Tesla wiki that whitewash Eberhards problems/glorify his role. Pretty odd. I was interim CEO/co-CEO from July . Michael Marks was co-CEO for ~Q4 &amp; Zeev Drori for Q1 to ~Q3 . After Q3 financing round bust, no choice but to be CEO.
When Eberhard was fired from the Tesla CEO role in mid for providing false information to me &amp; the board, no one left with him. That says it all.
Interesting
SpaceX/Tesla metallurgy &amp; new materials team is next-level
Probably
I have that exact art on the wall of the place I stay in Boca Chica!
Yes, failure to protect nursing homes was a major mistake (happened in most countries). Herd immunity for vast majority of people &amp; quarantine vulnerable was right though imo.
Sweden was right
There are sensitive elements, but theyre on the inside. Also, a good telephoto lens will be able to capture what Ive posted. And yeah, anyone who can reverse engineer what Ive posted doesnt need to reverse engineer!
Great work by SpaceX valve engineering &amp; production!
Our tiles are mechanically attached
It might be used in some areas. ITAR laws prevent us from being too specific about solutions.
Tiles will be on hot side of flaps too. A very tough problem is sealing the moving flap to body joint without melting or shredding the seal.
Compilers need to improve imo. Most type, pointer (or other memory) problems can be detected at compile time or disambiguated by asking the user.
Im proud to say that that nose is pointier than it needs to be haha
Norway leads the world
Passed cryo proof
Yeah, its not a contest. Advanced casting crushes best-case D printing, but casting doesnt work well for complex enclosed volumes &amp; high strength or high temp alloys.
Great pics!
Maybe this should be the flag of Mars
Additive manufacturing of parts is still far too costly for cars, but can rapidly create tooling to accelerate pace of innovation. Its already sensible for rocket engine parts. To the best of our knowledge, SpaceX is or years ahead of other companies in use of additive.
Pretty much, but I think it may end on a high note
Meant to say that it should be fixed in the latest wide release. Wont need to wait for FSD.
It should be
Exactly. We barked up that tree for way too long (sigh). Gives a false sense of victory being close a tantalizing local maximum but reality is just too messy &amp; weird. Our new system is capable of driving in locations we never seen even once.
Yes, we will play sexy snake jazz
Yes
Yeah, provided we do our metal gear snake autocoupler
Waymo is impressive, but a highly specialized solution. The Tesla approach is a general solution. The latest build is capable of zero intervention drives. Will release limited beta in a few weeks.
Yeah, we could put in a setting allowing it to drop as low as %
Great render. Note, there will need to be an arm that lifts booster to launch stand &amp; ship to booster.
Mimecraft
Yes
Autopilot team is making great progress. Reality sure is complicated!
Aspiring to have no flame diverter in Boca, but this could turn out to be a mistake
We do have giant steel balls haha
We just completed a financing round, but will let you know when there is another one
I definitely need to try these tasty cakes &amp; pastries on my next visit!
Mass ratio. Liquid oxygen is much denser than liquid methane, even when the latter is cooled to just above its freezing point.
Had the most amazing kebab ever just outside of Tacheles. Too bad that place got torn down. It was awesome.
dner kebab
Youre most welcome!
High bay should be finished (except for the giant gantry crane) within a few weeks. Super Heavy stacking should begin around then.
That looks tasty!
The crash absorption rails can be cut off &amp; replaced with a bolted part for collision repair
Sandy Munro understands engineering
That would be like licensing Battlestar Galactica. Actually building continuously evolving gargantuan factories is the hard part. Lots of people who worked at Tesla Gigafactories now work at competitors, but none of those companies have made one.
Yes, the Gigafactory is the hardest &amp; most critical product
Battery pack will be a bonded structure with cells providing shear transfer between steel upper &amp; lower face sheets, eliminating most of the center body parts while providing better torsional rigidity &amp; improved polar moment or inertia. This is a *major* breakthrough.
But now we understand production much better. It will be our primary competitive advantage long-term.
Even GM &amp; Chrysler went bankrupt in . Ford and Tesla are the only US car companies that have avoided bankruptcy.
The Model production ramp was sheer agony for two years, but that was do or die for Tesla. No US car company has reached high volume production with sustained free cash flow in ~100 years. Hundreds of car startups all died or were absorbed for peanuts by big three.
Bringing a new product to volume production is % inspiration &amp; % perspiration. You do still need that critical seed of inspiration, but its fun &amp; takes ~100 people. Production takes &gt;10,000 people &amp; hurts like hell until the gigantic cybernetic collective runs smoothly.
Marginal cost of Starship mass to orbit should be well under $100/kg. Fully burdened cost depends on flight rate.
Prototypes are a piece of cake, but high volume production of a new technology is extremely hard. Takes much longer than people think to climb the production S-curve. I cant emphasize enough that production is by *far* the hard part.
We do expect to make heavy use of LFP for medium range cars &amp; stationary storage
Berlin will use cell with structural battery pack &amp; front &amp; rear single piece castings. Also, a new paint system. Lot of new technology will happen in Berlin, which means significant production risk. Fremont &amp; Shanghai will transition in ~2 years when new tech is proven.
They are
I do so wish that more companies would put down their spreadsheets for a moment and focus on making products that move your heart
bar absolute, which is fine for flight. This was a proof test, rather than a burst test. Well hopefully fix the leak today &amp; retest.
Cryo pressure test succeeded, but a small leak opened up near the engine mounts, possibly due to differential shrinking
One of the best shots ever!
Much sooner
Great photo!
It will soon
Once these satellites reach their target position, we will be able to roll out a fairly wide public beta in northern US &amp; hopefully southern Canada. Other countries to follow as soon as we receive regulatory approval.
Were not seeing notable differences yet. I think the boosters could probably do + reflights. Some of the (small) composite helium tanks would need to be replaced. Maybe turbopump hot sections.
Roughly a week or two turnaround is all thats needed to meet max launch demand. Starship Super Heavy is designed for reflight in less than an hour.
Ahem, yes, it was the rd flight of this booster &amp; rd flight for active half of fairing. Aiming for + flights of booster &amp; fairing by end of next year.
th flight &amp; landing for this booster
minutes from launch. Looks good so far.
So crazy to subsidize pollution! This is not good for people, especially in dense cities with heavy traffic, where your air intake is jammed up against another cars exhaust pipe.
Its a step in the right direction, but they should really aim for full reusability by . Larger rocket would also make sense for literal economies of scale. Goal should be to minimize cost per useful ton to orbit or it will at best serve a niche market.
Turn volume to &amp; play Powerglide in your Tesla
FSD will solve these issues
Music volume on a Tesla goes to , because its louder than
One of my favorite writers. Foundation is tough to make into a movie, but has outstanding potential.
Rewatched Young Frankenstein this weekend. Still awesome. Ovaltine?
The remake has the potential to be great. I kinda liked the original tbh, but its possible to take it up a level.
Hollywood should just start with the sequel &amp; skip the original, because financials
This article is wildly incorrect about lithium battery costs by a factor of or more presently &amp; X long-term
Pretty wild, considering that Exxon was the most valuable company in the word when we went public years ago
New SpaceX droneship will be called A Shortfall of Gravitas
Nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
Would be cool to put yourself in the mind of the car while its driving
Coming soon
Call of Booty, great game
Vector-space birds eye view coming with FSD
Unexpected pressure rise in the turbomachinery gas generator
All of that and more. Were doing a broad review of launch site, propulsion, structures, avionics, range &amp; regulatory constraints this weekend. I will also be at the Cape next week to review hardware in person.
Exactly
We will need to make a lot of improvements to have a chance of completing launches next year!
I agree with Lex
Glad youre ok!
Haha
Thanks for waiting!
Next year for sure
Oh yeah, Starship update coming in about weeks. The design has coalesced. What is presented will actually be what flies to orbit as V1.0 with almost no changes.
High frequency lasers are the way to go for sure
Great
Brownsville is quite far south, so probably months or so for good connectivity needs several more Starlink launches. Im using it at the little house I rent in the area. Definitely not good there yet.
Average latency will improve as more satellites launch (directly above you more frequently) &amp; more ground stations are deployed. As were able to put more ground stations on roofs of server centers, legacy Internet latency will be zero.
Very soon for higher latitudes like Seattle
Yes, Starlink is designed to enable competitive gaming
Probably or with an optimized tanker, although filling up the ship in orbit isnt required for Mars, so is possible
Starlink will be a revolution in connectivity, especially for remote regions or for emergency services when landlines are damaged
Yeah
Great letter! It will be increasingly difficult to see Starlink satellites, as were actively working with the astronomer community to ensure that even the most sensitive telescopes are fine &amp; scientific progress is not impeded.
The ship rings are thicker than they need to be (for now), so same thickness works for booster &amp; ship for hoop stress. Booster lower tank will have longitudinal stiffeners to prevent buckling.
Its next-level
Glad to hear your Mom is ok
Good to see. Inspiring for future of space!
The new heat pump in Model Y is what really makes the difference in cold weather
Yes, coming soon
Great render! The circumferential welds &amp; skin panels will be much smoother in future builds.
Thats very hard to do. Have you tried pushing on the charge port door to open? Its designed to support a manual press to open as well as automatic.
Its cool &amp; for sure can &amp; should be done, but I suspect its best case will be more costly than wind &amp; solar (aka big fusion reactor in sky)
Weld esthetics will improve greatly in upcoming Starships
Haha true. Why do showers have such a wide range!?
Yes
Light is not as fast as youd think
Maybe we used too many magenta spotlights
Having a low center of gravity makes a world of difference to safety
We will probably IPO Starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth &amp; predictable. Public market does *not* like erratic cash flow haha. Im a huge fan of small retail investors. Will make sure they get top priority. You can hold me to it.
Fate loooves irony haha
Glad SpaceX could help! We are prioritizing emergency responders &amp; locations with no Internet connectivity at all.
True
Thats total market, not all Tesla. We do see Tesla reaching M vehicles/year probably before , but that requires consistently excellent execution.
Total market
Seven years for sure to M+ new fully electric vehicles per year, six years maybe. Five years is possible, but unlikely. An extra year makes a giant difference when it comes to exponentials.
Both will do original cars
We arent cutting the price of Model to $25k. I was referring to a future car that will be smaller than Model .
What about a heavy duty, paintball machine gun mounted on the bed rails?
New version coming soon
Suppliers. Were only doing high energy nickel ourselves, at least for now. Also, maybe the presentation wasnt clear that weve actually had our cells in packs driving cars for several months. Prototypes are trivial, volume production is hard.
If it passes Australian regulations, then sure
Checking into it
Totally up to you, but if you head to a Tesla delivery center near you &amp; maybe help out new owners, that would be cool
Completely agree
Yes, the flaps are now directly driven by electric motors with a gearbox! No more hydraulics.
Thanks Tesla Team for great work on deliveries! For new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing! Definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
There are times when I feel like Im living in a Dilbert cartoon
That species has stood the test of time
Mostly L, some . Broke at to interface. SN9 will be all . Also, were making some tweaks to the alloy mixture.
bar differential in ullage, bar at base due to propellant head. Its enough. Improvements in work.
We just need enough height to test body flaps &amp; drawing propellant from headers vs main tanks. Will do several flights to confirm working well, then add heat shield &amp; go high Mach.
First flight is to km or ~50,000 ft
Nosecone &amp; front flaps next week. SN9 next month.
Starship SN8 with rear body flaps
Sure
True
Not bad
Exactly
Sandy Munro understands engineering
Turns out they mostly press the letter s &amp; on the typewriter
Centaur with a bow obviously
Haha
Something like this
Cant support wheel vehicles. Not safe enough.
~9007mm
Something appealing about Hawking/Hartle idea, but I agree with Turok/Feldbrugge/Lehners
ur algo
True
There are some practical size constraints too. Cant be too big to fit in the engine compartment. But, it could be a little bigger. sec Isp would be nice.
Doesnt seem to be a problem. We could probably increase area ratio, given bar max demonstrated chamber pressure.
Preburners ignite, then main chamber
Where is our prediction of probability inaccurate?
Or energy &amp; time, but besides that what?
Genetic engineering is too slow unless you use a synthetic virus
What cant we predict?
Yeah, but might not need it
expansion ratio. You can a little bit of flow separation towards the end of the nozzle.
Only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
This does seem like the opposite of open. OpenAI is essentially captured by Microsoft.
Haha true
Maybe I will
Jets are so cool
Pretty much
Yes
Yahoo Finance is as dumb as it sounds
Yes
Haha
Roadster will be better
Probably
Cybertruck, ATV, Roadster &amp; Semi C A R S
Thanks for your many years of support through very tough times!
We will be a little below that this year (most challenging year weve ever had), but probably above that next few years
Thats about right. Maybe a little faster.
Yes
cgi irl
Haha
The extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood. Its % to % harder than making a few prototypes. The machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.
Haha
We intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from Panasonic, LG &amp; CATL (possibly other partners too). However, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in &amp; beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
Important note about Tesla Battery Day unveil tomorrow. This affects long-term production, especially Semi, Cybertruck &amp; Roadster, but what we announce will not reach serious high-volume production until .
Thanks!
We really need better legs for Starship. Theyre coming.
Most likely, all flaps will fold after landing to reduce wind tip over force. There may be some cases where flaps deployed help stability (change in wind direction), in which case one or more flaps will extend.
Fine, well do it already
Good analysis, although I think we should wait until FSD is a bit more mature
Im pretty sure Tesla could do a much better autocorrect. The bar is so low haha.
True
Custom ultra high speed bus &amp; efficient cooling
Ok
Pretty much any machine-learning
Its big
Sure
Yeah, we will open Dojo for training as a web service once we work out the bugs
There are a lot of pointless zeroes in FP32 neural nets. You can chop off of the bits without losing meaningful precision. This works well with neural nets, but not with regular computing, which expects extreme precision.
Dojo uses our own chips &amp; a computer architecture optimized for neural net training, not a GPU cluster. Could be wrong, but I think it will be best in world.
You really want waypoints this much?
For Dojo, were betting on FP16 with floating floating point (essentially, truncating mostly zeroes), so it feels like FP32 &amp; existing software just works. We considered FP8 for a while, but everyone hated it. I even asked Twitter! For inference, int8 works great.
Yes
Yes
Therell be lots of green space around factory, but building itself is continuous. The open areas inside are covered. Theyre internal semi truck roads inside a giant monolithic building.
Shaped like a diamond &amp; aligned on true north
A prior track record of exceptional achievement in engineering *is* required, but *no* prior experience working on the brain or human physiology is required. We will teach you whats known about the brain, which is not much tbh.
If you feel Neuralink might have incorrectly overlooked your resume or declined to make an offer, please lmk in comment below
Felt I had done enough on the Internet (Zip2 &amp; PayPal) that my work would be useful to others. Needed to get going on accelerating sustainable energy &amp; making life multiplanetary.
It took an utterly insane amount of work to move the SpaceX &amp; Tesla success probabilities above ~zero
To be frank, in the early days, I thought there was &gt;90% chance that both SpaceX &amp; Tesla would be worth $0. The press &amp; aerospace / automotive industry at the time (correctly) agreed with me.
Irrational is such a funny word to describe numbers
of course I still love you
Sure, but which planet?
Good movie
Current was too strong for droneship to hold station. Thrusters to be upgraded for future missions.
Lot has happened in years
It will be very insane
Speedrunning Factorio in real life
No, but you make some great points. Important to note that irons cost advantage is partly offset by increased pack mass, so the fully considered cost is closer to nickel. That said, iron alleviates much of the scaling problem.
Yup
Fallout Shelter is on your Tesla. Tap the Entertainment button.
Implicit conflation of consumption &amp; capital allocation is the foundational error
Great idea!
Fallout Radio
There are some eerie parallels between The Boring Company &amp; Vault-Tec. We also built our first demonstration tunnel/vault in LA.
Doubles as an underground nuclear shelter
Yeah
Should be happening soon
A bit more obscure, but Starhammer &amp; Stainless Steel Rat
At first, I thought that was a parrot
They remind me of these guys
Story of my life
Tunnels under cities with self-driving electric cars will feel like warp drive First operational tunnel under Vegas almost done The
For sure
Good point
Have you hugged a tunnel today?
Good analysis
Exactly
Gary the snail is still winning, but were gaining on him/her
Embrace tunnels!
Tunnels are the solution to traffic. You can have as many levels as you want. Usable tunnel depth far exceeds tallest buildings, so would work even for New York or Beijing.
Just a guess, but probably mid teens. Booster &amp; stacking on orbital pad are likely limiting factors. Well build several ships just to improve the production system.
Pretty accurate simulation, although SN8 will use Raptors. If SN8 craters, SN9 &amp; SN10 are close behind. High production rate allows for fast iteration.
Couldnt agree more major software improvements are already in place to extend its life &amp; more coming
Definitely not. Smartwatches &amp; phones are yesterdays technology, Neuralinks are the future.
Seems like they should make a whole outfit out of that material
Ancient Greece had it all &amp; then committed suicide. Nobody digs your grave better than yourself.
True
The LEGO Movie was awesome
The Story of Civilization. First book is a little dry, but second book, The Life of Greece, is incredible.
Im wearing your F-1 engine shirt right now!
Cumulative mass to orbit per year (corrected for GTO &amp; other high energy orbits) is the best comparative metric imo
Thats the number that really matters
Anyone tracking tonnage to orbit per year for all launch vehicles?
One way or another, excitement guaranteed! Support of greater Boca, Padre, Brownsville community is very much appreciated.
SN8 Starship with flaps &amp; nosecone should be done in about a week. Then static fire, checkouts, static fire, fly to ft &amp; back.
Can someone do a boat service from South Padre to Boca?
Exactly. Problems like that have been addressed.
Yes. Good insight.
All frames stitched to single frame (tricky, as all cameras overlap in different ways) &amp; then creating video segments for labeling &amp; training. Everything from the labeling tools themselves to training to inference had to be rewritten.
Much
Yes
Releasing private beta in to weeks, public beta (early access owners who opt in) to weeks after that, then all US Tesla owners mid December. Above schedule is contingent upon not encountering major unexpected setbacks.
And this still isnt using the dramatically better D (aka simultaneous surround video from cameras) architecture
Cool
He has no clue
Sorry to hear that. Im sure youll figure it out though. Took us four launches to reach orbit. Rockets are hard.
Many exciting things will be unveiled on Battery Day /22
We will make super efficient home hvac with hepa filters one day
If Reich actually cares about global warming, why is he making so much hot air!?
Natrlich
Bitte arbeiten Sie bei Tesla Giga Berlin! Es wird super Spa machen!!
Try a Tesla &amp; youre welcome to give it back if you decide you prefer a Subaru
Vera Rubin Observatory is cool
Munger is right
Black-Scholes formula is kinda bs. Big difference between a finance approximation &amp; fundamental physics / pure math.
True
Tesla is best understood as a collection of about a dozen startups, mostly in series, increasingly in parallel. Every product line &amp; new production system was invented. Instead of playing chess with the same pieces as everyone else, create new pieces.
Tesla R&amp productivity is exceptionally good due to the caliber of engineering talent
Tesla Model S &amp; X have hospital-grade (HEPA) air filters. &amp; Y are really good too. This has a big effect on health.
Touch
All Tesla workers also get stock, so their compensation increased proportionately. You are a modern day moron.
Yup
Rawlinson didnt design Model S. Prototype was done before he joined &amp; he left us in the lurch just as things got tough, which was not cool. He did make some contributions to body/chassis engineering, but not to powertrain, battery, electronics or software.
Were pretty close to the manufacturing size limit for a milled copper &amp; steel jacket nozzle. Lot of complexity to add a nozzle extension to a sea level engine for small gain. Also hard to fit bigger engine nozzles on the booster.
A la guerre comme la guerre
Haha
And starts tweeting
If you bombard Earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla (AK)
There is already bidirectional communication between human &amp; AI via phones &amp; computers. Its just lossy &amp; very slow (especially output)
Above % likely to make it
This is a test engine. Flight articles are fixed with no gimbal.
Worth noting that thrust is only slightly higher with the big bell nozzle version. Larger bell is primarily for efficiency in vacuum. Aiming for + sec Isp for RVac long-term. Initially likely to be ~372.
Yes
Chart understates lithium-ion potential by roughly /3
Model rated as most reliable car
Turns out you can make anything fly haha
Exactly. This is not fully appreciated.
Starship SN6 flew asimilar hop to SN5, but it was a much smoother &amp; faster operation
Giga Berlin Mannschaft Vielen Dank fr Ihre hervorragende Arbeit an Giga Berlin!!
Great trip to Germany. Support from government &amp; people is super appreciated!
Trust ur butt haha
An AI with picking as its goal will result in Strawberry Fields Forever
Over time, outer will have ~300 tons of thrust &amp; inner ~210, so roughly tons total at sea level or T/W for booster+ship
Yeah
Just go through resonant modes fast. Its when you hang out there that problems arise.
The outer ring of booster engines (20 of ) have no TVC actuators. Steering control comes from center TVC &amp; differential throttle of outer engines. By any measure, the high thrust variant of Raptor will probably have the high T/W of any engine ever.
Videodrome
Sorry, sir I think I have momentinertiaphobia
Yeah
LHC tbh
If you ever want to build a long accelerator tunnel, straight or circular, I know some people
Cool
Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
If some company has solved a useful thing that we can just buy, that would be great! Its so much work to create our own tech. We develop new tech, because we have to, not because we want to.
Tesla Germany designed &amp; built the vaccine RNA printers for CureVac, but, subject to some CureVac IP, they could be made for other companies too
Technically, James Watt measured a pony, added % &amp; rounded up haha
Also, Critical Thinking
Alexander and the Rise of Hellenism and Film Studies
Wow, I super loved astronomy (but took it at Queens, not Penn)! Definitely one of my favorite classes. Senior year quantum mechanics at Penn was the hardest class I ever took. That stuff will mess with your mind.
Yeah, he sent it to me through a mutual physics prof friend at Caltech/CERN. Very basic stuff.
Its too embarrassing
Just learned that my physics prof from Penn is head of Fermilab &amp; still has some of my old homework
It is unfortunately common for many in academia to overweight the value of ideas &amp; underweight bringing them to fruition. For example, the idea of going to the moon is trivial, but going to the moon is hard.
People are extremely unlikely to die of Covid/sars-cov2 alone. If you have multiple pre-existing health conditions &amp; a weak immune system, then you have significant mortality risk from many diseases (not just Covid/sars-cov2) that would otherwise have minor effect.
That &amp; Giga Berlin are why Im headed to Germany this week. Conversations with Harvard epidemiology confirmed that a high-speed RNA printer has potential be helpful for vaccines &amp; cures in many areas.
Antibody half-life for cov2 is very short. In a study that SpaceX did working with Harvard epidemiology, it appears to be as low as or weeks. Nonetheless, reinfection rates are very low &amp; symptoms are minor, perhaps due to memory T cells
Yeah
One person at Tesla (out of ) was hospitalized in serious condition (he caught cov2 at home, not work), no deaths. I called his wife &amp; Hayward hospital to make sure he was getting the right treatment, but which he was.
Some of the tests we initially tried at Tesla were ~50% false positive, including some from major medical device companies. Too many testing methods were approved too quickly. Wouldnt blame the FDA, though. Public was demanding fast test approval.
Not yet
Yes. This is the hardest part of the booster design.
People read too much into this level of detail. Its not useful for predicting the future, nor can we ourselves accurately predict what issues we will encounter on a short-term, fine-grained level.
Critical feedback is always appreciated btw
We cant have a blanket pass, but maybe for some events
Booster design has shifted to four legs with a wider stance (to avoid engine plume impingement in vacuum), rather than six
Later versions of a larger device would have that potential
Yup
Actually C, although the syntax could be improved esthetically
I like C, because it avoids class warfare
A nightcap would probably work best
Pretty much
Good summary
Conceptual telepathy
Ahem starting soon
All of physics is either impossible or trivial. It is impossible until you understand it, and then it becomes trivial. E Rutherford
Giant gap between experimental medical device for use only in patients with extreme medical problems &amp; widespread consumer use. This is way harder than making a small number of prototypes.
Testing with shorter RVac skirt went well. Full length skirt test coming soon.
Neuralink product demo in hours. Webcast at .
Raptor reached mT-F (over half a million pounds of thrust) at peak pressure with some damage, so this version of the engine can probably sustain ~210 tons. Should have a + ton engine in about to months. Target for booster is tons (16.5 million pounds) of thrust.
Good chance something will slip, but, yeah, Sunday is intense
Only need engines
Boring Co tunnel in Vegas is only a few months from being operational
Neuralink this month &amp; Tesla next month, SpaceX probably October. We will have made a lot of progress by then. Might have a prototype booster hop done by then.
Soon
Theyre quite accurate!
That number sure comes up a lot
Im fine with reasonable drone footage. Just needs to be at a fair distance &amp; not coming right up to people. I think our security was a little overzealous in this case.
Thanks to a smart and hardworking team at Tesla. These sure are wild times
Much appreciated. This was a serious attack.
Brave Starhopper carried the day
Only so many days
We were too obtuse for our own good, although I think it works esthetically. Those are folded-over current collectors at the top/bottom of the cell, which are important, but I dont want to jump the gun on Sept
But actually nothing. Was surprised to hear theyre across the road. Adding silicon to carbon anode makes sense. We already do. Question is just what ratio of silicon to carbon &amp; what shape? Silicon expands like crazy during discharge &amp; comes apart, so cycle life is usually bad.
Nothing
Then they leave the house and hardly ever call their parents!
The Big Bang started very, very sml
Asimov was
Should we believe things proportionate to the evidence that they are true? (yes)
Olde skoole analog synthesizer from ancient Britain
Was just there &amp; weather was calm. Sure hope it stays that way!
Tesla brake lights are powered by a miniverse inside a microverse
Exactly
No, were focused on developing new products &amp; scaling production
Yes, will show V2. Still far from LASIK, but could get pretty close in a few years.
Lengthy background on Neuralink by
Live webcast of working device Friday pm Pacific
Astronaughty
No
Mars is easier than the moon for propellant production. Could get going with only one ship, where the ship itself is the propellant plant. Needs to make ~2 tons/day.
Starship propellant is ~78% oxygen, so an O2 plant on the moon would be enough. Otherwise, we could brute-force it with tankers to low Earth orbit. Thats probably faster.
Now I want candy
Theres a lot of frozen CO2 &amp; H2O on Mars. Heating the planet will densify the atmosphere. Its solvable.
Perhaps one day there will be an ocean on the northern part of Mars
Its almost working reliably
Very different computers are needed for training vs inference. FSD is mostly Int8, but Dojo is de facto FP32 (feels like FP32, but actually FP16 with boring bits truncated) so we dont need to rewrite all the training software. It should work almost immediately.
Not exactly GPUs for NN. Lots of cores optimized for dot products with fast local memory &amp; super high bandwidth between cores &amp; efficient liquid cooling. Compiler needs to be optimized too.
No &amp; not possible at this scale
Orbital launch mount
Yeah. Occasional flights from land are ok, but frequent (daily) flights probably need ~30km / miles clear area for noise.
Sure
On it
I tried to warn them, but they just dug their own grave twice as fast!
Wh/kg *with* high cycle life, produced in volume (not just a lab) is not far. Probably to years.
Starship/Super Heavy, which is ~10X mass of Zenit, will mostly launch from ocean spaceports long-term
Starship/Super Heavy is ~10X bigger in mass &amp; volume
A metaphor for life
Accurate distance calculation using only vision is fundamental. Other sensors can help, but are not fundamental.
Uh oh
More fun games coming soon to ur Tesla
strikes again!
Sorry, noise reduction has gotten much better recently &amp; will continue to improve
Hardcore techno, aber vielleicht ein bisschen Fahrstuhlmusik auf der Toilette
New Tesla feature coming that enables your car to play snake jazz or Polynesian elevator music through its outside speakers wherever you go
Hopefully, we have achieved AI symbiosis by then
Or a self-perpetuating autocracy based on a farcical aquatic ceremony where the king is chosen by a wise panzer in a lake
Direct democracy. Short, comprehensible laws voted on directly by the people. Snake Jazz.
Its quite hard for us to write the software needed to cover basic car functionality, but maybe we could do something of this nature
GPT-3 sounds like Simon &amp; Garfunkel lyrics
Bureaucracy is inherently kafkaesque
Dankeschn Brandenburg &amp; Grnheide!
True
Medical check is A-ok!
He might run for President in
Not having long chain hydrocarbons &amp; lowering preburner combustion temperature make a big difference
Yes
Yes
Absolutely needs liquid cooling. Were applying our experience cooling half megawatt drive unit power electronics in cars to computers.
Thats an error in Canada. The lease payment is specifically lower than loan financing, as Tesla expects to repossess the car. This is essentially a bet on residual value. If you believe residual value will rise, buy on loan, if you think it will drop, then lease.
We will push for ten flights with Starlink
Almost never need to replace whole engine, but some individual parts like turbine wheels need to be replaced over time. Similar to a jet engine.
Mostly for employees, but well support public access whenever its safe &amp; secure. Public support is critical to making life multiplanetary.
Absolutely
I dont want be cavalier, but there isnt an obvious limit. + flights are possible. Some parts will need to be replaced or upgraded. Cleaning all Merlin turbines is difficult. Raptor is way easier in this regard, despite being a far more complex engine.
Ive been working in Boca since Sunday. August heat &amp; humidity in South Texas is intense! If you think of it like a tropical resort, that makes it better though.
Dojo V1.0 isnt done yet. About a year away. Not just about the chips. Power &amp; cooling problem is hard.
Scorcher VI
Yes
Elevator music is underrated
Its counter-intuitive, but Raptor has so much thrust at high Isp with liquid (high density) propellant &amp; pump-fed (light tanks), that it beats hot gas for the flip. That said, hot gas beats the heck out of N2 for orbital manuevers &amp; stabilizing ship if landing in high winds!
Payload reduction due to reusability of booster &amp; fairing is &lt;40% for F9 &amp; recovery &amp; refurb is &lt;10%, so youre roughly even with flights, definitely ahead with
Yes, it will have huge nuts haha
We really need a bigger one, so adults can squeeze in too. Guaranteed to make a party more fun. Works well with flamethrowers!
My favorite is one in tension, other DoF in compression. New Roadster wheels will only have one nut.
Yes
Aloha, welcome back from space
Yeah, will post shortly
Winning worst person Ive ever worked with is not easy. Some real champions are vying for that title!
Fairing chute control &amp; ship control are closing the loop locally. Both operating on (SpaceX) autopilot.
Ms Tree catches fairing in her net
Up there somewhere, cruising through deep space
Must be aliens
Yes
This little spit of dirt will take us to Mars
Humans are swiftly becoming a small percentage of total compute
Max demonstrated Raptor thrust is ~225 tons &amp; min is ~90 tons, so theyre actually quite similar. Both Merlin &amp; Raptor could throttle way lower with added design complexity. Raptor preburner &amp; Merlin gas generator flameout are what limit lower bound.
Thats engine SN. Were building SN8 of the ship.
SN40 is about to be tested &amp; has several upgrades over bar engine. For reference, bar on Raptor produces ~225 tons (half a million pounds) of force.
Raptor engine just reached bar chamber pressure without exploding!
Yeah, Starship will be a tiny dot at km. Hard to see with naked eye. Well do lots of flights.
Very impressive render. Note, legs will be bigger &amp; therell be way more stuff in engine bay. Main engines actually do majority of work in turning ship vertical before landing.
This might sting a little
The early investor part of Tesla is wrong. That bs has been pushed by Eberhard (worst person Ive ever worked with and thats saying something!) for years.
Also, there could be long period comets that intersect Earth right now. We just havent observed them during humanitys (very short) recorded history. Comet S-L punched a roughly Earth-sized hole in Jupiter.
Pretty much
Cybertruck option package
Wow
My button-twiddling makes no sense at all
You got it
Thats a great one
Tanks the memery - panzer of the lake
Some big milestones coming up
Africa is big
Bold move, sir, bold move
Thank you, Tesla is most honored!
Very real possibility
Please trash me on Wikipedia, Im begging you
History is written by the victors except on Wikipedia haha
Cover of Barbie Girl
Yes. Probably more accurate to say Great Filters plural.
Yes, its called Cyber Girl
We must pass The Great Filter
Sounds right
Seriously
Crysis rocks
A truly useful exaflop at de facto FP32
Metal has a fudge-like consistency near its melting point, so you can just smoosh it together
This is how we make Falcon
This is out of our hands, so hard to predict. Maybe on order of billion km of real world driving will be enough to convince regulators.
Yes
hasty govt
A lot of work remains. Technically, we have it working in sim with FPGAs at ~0.01% capability. This will be a true supercomputer.
Dojo is still being built. Maybe a year or so from V1.0.
Autopilot was trapped in a local maximum, labeling single camera images uncorrelated in time. Now, it is not.
Your insights over the years have been excellent. Thats approximately right.
Absolutely, but it doesnt seem that govt can move fast enough
Ok
It will blow ur mind haha
Our main engineering locations are Palo Alto, Austin &amp; Seattle, but working remotely is acceptable for exceptional candidates
I want to do electric vtol supersonic sooo bad, but my brain will overload
Asteroid impact risk is well understood, but not comets. Those worry me.
Great mission patch design!
Haha true
Yup
Exactly
Also definitely coming haha. Will only be on relatively recent cars, as we didnt have an outside speaker until about a year ago. Can change inside sound easily.
Sorry, this is embarrassingly late. Two factor authentication via sms or authenticator app is going through final validation right now.
Yes! Were labeling bumps &amp; potholes, so the car can slow down or steer around them when safe to do so.
Not perfectly at first, but yes. Will take maybe a year or so to get really good at roundabouts worldwide. The world has a zillion weird corner cases.
This is what I meant by D
The FSD improvement will come as a quantum leap, because its a fundamental architectural rewrite, not an incremental tweak. I drive the bleeding edge alpha build in my car personally. Almost at zero interventions between home &amp; work. Limited public release in to weeks.
Tesla is developing a NN training computer called Dojo to process truly vast amounts of video data. Its a beast! Please consider joining our AI or computer/chip teams if this sounds interesting.
More software improvements coming
Significant improvements coming to S/X air suspension soon via software update! Will simultaneously improve performance handling &amp; ride comfort &amp; enable user customization of height &amp; damping, geocoded for relevance.
H2O, CH4/CO2, N2, iron, nickel, chrome, aluminum (not necessarily in that order) will matter far more than gold or platinum for space travel
What are the odds ?
The rate of improvement from original GPT to GPT-3 is impressive. If this rate of improvement continues, GPT-5 or could be indistinguishable from the smartest humans. Just my opinion, not an endorsement. I left OpenAI to years ago. Am a neutral outsider at this point.
Tesla team is working hard on increasing Powerwall production
SN8
Impressive
Psyche
Yes, integrated with the tip of the nose
This is important
Probably not faster than utility power can be restored. Powerwall/Powerpack/Megapack can certainly be helpful long-term.
Starship fairing will actually have more height than shown here. Dome will be flatter &amp; more of tip is accessible. Usable volume ~1000 cubic meters.
You are correct. This is a substantial underpayment compared to what ULA has received.
So why is this madness acceptable for Boeing/Lockheed rockets?
Nobody would suggest buying airplanes that only fly once &amp; then crash into the ocean. That would be absurd
I generally try my best not to be on patents
Efficiently reusable rockets are all that matter for making life multiplanetary &amp; space power. Because their rockets are not reusable, it will become obvious over time that ULA is a complete waste of taxpayer money.
Will be amazing to see it in operation! Biggest casting machine ever made. Will make rear body in a single piece, including crash rails.
Sorry to hear this. What can we do to help?
No surprise
Aiming to make it super fun!
A little toastier each flight
Same hex tiles, slightly different mounting method. Need bigger sections of tiles to see how they hold up with cryo shrinkage, pressure expansion &amp; body bending.
SN7 will be new alloy test tank taken to burst pressure. SN8 will have body flaps &amp; nosecone.
SN &amp; at Starship Production Complex in Texas
One day soon, I will wear this outfit
I was trying to channel Herb Tarlek from WKRP
Note the fabulous plaid jacket &amp; gingham shirt combo
Twin Peaks
Working on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan at age . I think we did a barn-raising that day.
Not sure yet, but hopefully. Will need leg &amp; other repairs. Probably SN6 flies before SN5. We need to make flights simple &amp; easy many per day.
Clearly
Also true
Over time, since we give all employees shares, my ownership is diluted automatically. From the first financing round, where I owned ~60% of Tesla to today at ~20%, it has declined by a factor of .
I wonder if he reads his Twitter feed
And why aim your attacks at Tesla, when were doing more than any other company on Earth to advance green/sustainable energy? Have you read the news?
That bs was pushed by oil &amp; gas interests to distract people from the $5 *trillion* per year they receive in subsidies. Bernard Sanders is a docile puppet of big oil!
Good analysis. He also includes a govt loan for high efficiency vehicles that Tesla paid back with interest several years, unlike other auto companies.
Yeah, full name of engine is Velociraptor or Raptor for short
Haha, good catch. Booster will have fixed legs that add ~2m in height.
I think we can get (Veloci)Raptor T/W on par with Merlin. Latter also started out with about half its current T/W.
It will look crazy tall with booster &amp; fairing at m / ft
Ok
Apart from failing to quarantine elderly/at-risk people early (a mistake they recognize), they were right
Good piece on Giga Berlin construction
This seems increasingly likely
This is gonna be great
SN5
Well do several short hops to smooth out launch process, then go high altitude with body flaps
Soon
V1.1 legs will be ~60% longer. V2.0 legs will be much wider &amp; taller like Falcon, but capable of landing on unimproved surfaces &amp; auto-leveling.
Progress is accelerating
Exactly
Mars is looking real
Possible flight in mins
Most likely
True
Highly likely down the road
True fact
Scrubbed for the day. A Raptor turbopump spin start valve didnt open, triggering an automatic abort. Well figure out why &amp; retry tomorrow.
Im in the Boca control room. Hop attempt in ~33 minutes.
For sure
Tbh, I must confess to occasionally pontificating about high-concept things
Pretty much
Nosecone closing is recommended, but not required, for safe entry
When space travel becomes as common as air travel, the future of civilization will be assured
Space is the new air
Congratulations &amp; on completing first crewed Dragon flight!! returned.
Dragon is stable in the water
Acquisition of signal expected in mins
mins to Dragon loss of signal due to atmospheric entry plasma
Dragon will travel from south of New Zealand to Florida in ~37 minutes
Coming in hot
Astronauts land in hours
However, we did prove that a SuperDraco landing could work by doing a propulsive hover
All correct. Parachutes were originally the backup landing system, with SuperDraco thrusters as primary. Difficulty of proving thruster landing safety *and* architecture being suboptimal for moon/Mars caused us to change focus to parachutes.
Great game
Working on it
The simplest solution is not necessarily the most satisfying
Absolutely. Long-lasting art is incredibly difficult.
This BBC article provides a sensible summary for how it was done
The Great Pyramid was the tallest structure made by humans for years. Three thousand, eight hundred years.
So true
Ramses II was
Aliens built the pyramids obv
Ancient Egypt had an incredible esthetic that stands to this day
Witch logic
Things we take for granted, like flying, would have had you burned at the stake for witchcraft not that long ago
Engineering is magic made real
Lo Que Construimos
Cool
Starship SN5 just completed full duration static fire. m hop soon.
Total Eclipse of the Heart
Not that Im aware of
Yes. Could also extend range of hearing beyond normal frequencies and amplitudes. Deus Ex.
Neuralinks are currently meant for mature brains &amp; functionality is lost if removed. Rewiring of neurons is certainly possible, but wont make up for loss of the Link.
Yes, should be possible to create a neural shunt from motor cortex to microcontrollers in muscle groups &amp; restore movement even if someone has a fully severed spinal cord. First part has already been demonstrated with Utah array, but not as an outpatient device.
Will show neurons firing in real-time on August th. The matrix in the matrix.
They dont fire all at once. Some go several seconds to minutes without firing. Some fire several times per second. Very wide timing distribution.
Congrats on a great launch!
But sometimes when we touch
Adagio for Strings is great
Losing It
Mein Herz Brennt. Best boss battle song ever.
Robot Heart is
One of the all time best
Sure
Sure could use a good rave Whats your favorite techno
I I just died in your arms tonight
The rumor that Bill Gates &amp; I are lovers is completely untrue
Yeah. Display will also soon render Teslas specifically as their model &amp; color instead of as a generic sedan/SUV. Has potential for a fun punch buggy sort of game.
Weve been working on this for about years. Originally meant for rabies vaccine, but it can make pretty much anything thats an RNA sequence. Critical path is completing human trials.
Billy G is not my lover
Sounds like he doesnt realize Tesla makes the vaccine machine for CureVac
Thanks for letting me know. Will dig into it.
Sum &gt; parts
Should add a few miles of range, more in slow traffic
The government has the most money by far. They talk in trillions.
Haha no one can ever have our top secret fart technology!!
Sure
Tesla is open to licensing software and supplying powertrains &amp; batteries. Were just trying to accelerate sustainable energy, not crush competitors!
What he doesnt appear to appreciate is that government is just a monopolist corporation in the limit
Agreed
Haha
Its a prototype of the color
And to think I used to like Bernie!
Maybe hes feeling the bern haha
Fuel spin valve didnt open. Will fix &amp; try again tomorrow. Also, some odd TVC hydraulic pump behavior.
I was just out at the launch pad. Connector damaged in the storm, but fixed now. Might be able to fire tonight or at least get to the next issue.
Whether commercial or government, monopolies are bad for the people
Sounds great
Haha
Das Kapital in a nutshell
What I like most is their great sense of humor
The left is losing the middle
Exactly
Hold my beer
Once an Onion, now a Rose
Wow, you think about me a lot!
You dropped this
Haha
Giga Berlin will come together at an impossible-seeming speed. The prefabricated construction method in Germany is extremely impressive.
Almost a decade ago. Original Dragon in background.
Ya just cant beat BR
Planet Claire is
Fair point! Will discuss with team.
He was amazing
Great song
Nickel is the biggest challenge for high-volume, long-range batteries! Australia &amp; Canada are doing pretty well. US nickel production is objectively very lame. Indonesia is great!
Thats me! Haha
This has a lot of potential. Lithium is pretty much everywhere.
Whoa cool
Has to be blue steel
We need high Brinell hardness &amp; high corrosion resistance. Because of Cybertrucks faceted nature, formability is not important.
I really want to do this! Will be great fun. Could be both LA and Austin.
Turning them into shade for an outdoor restaurant here in Boca
Cool
Yes
Not impossible
Those were the days!
Ring of Fire
I know! Congratulations to the people of Bolivia !!
The song I whistle most is Strangers in the Night
Some of whom seriously think Tesla toppled the Bolivian govt (sigh)
Great song
Haha thanks Kara
For sure
Yeah, were hunkering down here until the hurricane passes
Exactly!
Cool Model review by
Tesla will add a power lift gate at no cost
Agreed, hydrogen fool sells make no sense
Pronouns suck
Also, we get our lithium from Australia
Yeah, would have been way better just to send everyone $6k
I bet no one on Twitter even *has* a guillotine! Poseurs
[slow drag on cigarette) Facebook? Havent heard that name in years
Twitter sucks
Something like that. If politicians could legislate wealth, everyone would be a trillionaire.
These are jammed to gills with special interests earmarks. If we do a stimulus at all, it should just be direct payments to consumers.
Pretty much
Goal of government should be to maximize the happiness of the people. Giving each person money allows them to decide what meets their needs, rather than the blunt tool of legislation, which creates self-serving special interests.
As a reminder, Im in *favor* of universal basic income
Another government stimulus package is not in the best interests of the people imo
Tesla solar panels are $1.49/Watt
Thank you on behalf of the Tesla team. We look forward to building Giga Texas!
Competition ensures companies work hard to serve the needs of their customers
Something fun is coming
Could be great!
Thats a great idea!
We are actually looking for revolutionary actuaries for Tesla Insurance! Please inquire, if interested.
Tbh, we are just a bit less foolish than before
Retail investors like are remarkably insightful. Also, .
Especially for boost stage, which is volumetrically constrained, CH4 is way better than H2. Soviet CH4 engine prototypes from s were very advanced. Glad to see reusability is being factored in.
Basically, our pixel size
Cant emphasize this enough
Absolutely
Haha
Agreed
My oven keeps asking for my wifi password. Its not gonna get it.
Impressive Tianwen-1 Mars rover mission launched by China today
Good article
Similar problem with US data
Good point
You dont have a soul, you are a soul
Adding people in next version
minutes later
Just another day in
Individualized mass transit is the future
No, best to have people seated for safety &amp; speed of travel
Coming soon
Human overseen at first, then fully self-driving
Cant say, but it involves a
This one stings
Where are the memes? Send in the memes
We need to finish upgrading Autopilot to D vs ~2.5D, then it will go up very steep slopes
Nothing has gaslit more people than the movie Gaslight
Well said, Brian Williams!
Great shot!
Sometimes, thats how I feel too!
Will attempt to fly later this week
Sound &amp; flame color will be quite different
Yes
Were rapidly changing alloy constituents &amp; forming methods, so traditional names like L will become more of an approximation
At some point, we should probably do advertising as art/communication/entertainment &amp; to support high quality media
Das baby kann noch keinen lffel benutzen
Its almost right
We talked about an hour ago. He seems fine.
VR Twitter with avatars saying the mentions
Better to put the money into the product than sales &amp; marketing!
We should bring Life to Mars
Both fairing halves caught from space by ships!
Nice work, SpaceX team!
Still long way to go. Reuse only matters to degree that its rapid &amp; complete.
Too long since we were last there
Launch in mins
In a few months in production release. Already does that in alpha build.
Lithium is extremely common on Earth. Found almost everywhere.
Congratulations MHI &amp; UAE!
Stilton
New deep crimson from Giga Berlin is my favorite
Important to service very high latitudes
American, but born in South Africa. Left by myself when I was .
True, the Model S is still a great car. Was driving SN28 a few months ago and driving feel was excellent. Model S remains my fav car to drive.
Will discuss on Wed earnings call. Lots to talk about!
Yes
This looks cool
It has that potential
Good article. I started The Boring Company as a joke, but now its digging real tunnels!
Its not really set up for tours, but maybe it should
Manufactured only mins from LAX!
Some contribute more. Y chromosome &amp; mitochondria are constant, except for mutations.
Yes
That is just one part of the surgery. For this to scale, it must be fully automated, like LASIK.
This would solve a lot of brain/spine injuries &amp; is ultimately essential for AI symbiosis
Fermi was awesome. He understood the right questions to ask.
BDE
How come Hulk never loses pants!?
Yes
No prior neuroscience background is required. This is primarily an electrical/electronic (chip design)/mechanical/software engineering problem for the Link itself &amp; the surgical robot.
Solving high-volume, high-reliability, low-cost production problems is especially valued
If youve solved hard problems with phones / wearables (sealing, signal processing, inductive charging, power mgmt, etc), please consider working at engineering.com
Many
Summarizes pretty much every biz school case study
Its inevitable
Excuse me, I only sell Doge!
Will those who write the algorithms ever realize their negativity bias?
Pretty much
We better hustle with Neuralink. Not moving fast enough.
Thanks
Just stop
Gigafactory is the product even more than the car
Yes
Carefully hidden
Sure
Might be an indoor/outdoor rave space on the roof
Giga Berlin
Exactly, this is a serious problem. Ratio of retirees to workers is tracking towards unsustainability in many countries. An upside down demographic pyramid is unstable.
Considering
Small note: latch on post near base is gone &amp; powered Ethernet wire is less obtrusive in production version
This thing we call money is just a (slow, lossy &amp; unsecure) database for labor allocation. Investing is meaningless without people, at least until AGI happens, which will obviate need for labor &amp; necessitate UBI.
Trying to set a good example haha. Mars needs people!
Great work by Tesla software engineering
Population collapse is nd biggest danger to civilization after AI imo
Yeah, will take less than a minute to order on when it goes live
Starlink terminal has motors to self-orient for optimal view angle. No expert installer required. Just plug in &amp; give it a clear view of the sky. Can be in garden, on roof, table, pretty much anywhere, so long as it has a wide view of the sky.
Ok
To revolutionize space, the right metric is mass to orbit or you could translate that to of useful satellites brought to orbit. No substitute for mass though. Scale dont lie.
Exactly
Tesla Autopilot was literally named after the term used in aviation. Also, what about Autobahn!?
The strength &amp; perseverance of the people of Tesla, despite facing extreme difficulties
Playable on any Tesla!
Should do this automatically
Mass to orbit is a more accurate metric than of launches, although should be orbit-adjusted (eg GTO&gt;LEO), which would increase competitor mass numbers
Cute
Wow
Reusability is essential. A rocket that is single use is just as absurd as a single use airplane. F9 engines already fire times per flight.
Wild times!
Were being extra paranoid. Maximizing probability of successful launch is paramount.
Welcome anytime
Well, I do care very much about sustainability of civilization, but there is some truth to the irony part haha
Yes, in plan. Superchargers and public high power wall connectors will keep growing exponentially every year.
I think so
Doing range testing now. Number will be significantly higher than . Extremely good for any EV, especially an SUV.
We have reduced pricing on Model Y LR dual motor &amp; will offer a LR single motor Y in a few months, which improves affordability, while still keeping the product excellent
Yes
It may be able to reach kW at low states of charge
No, as range would be unacceptably low (&lt; mile EPA)
We had to increase some wire thicknesses in S/X to reduce resistive heating. Technically, wont be quite mph charging, as X especially is much bigger than .
Hell of a ride!
Thanks
That is the near-term danger of AI
I didnt mind DA2. DA1 was awesome. Mass Effect (talking about sequels) is amazing.
Haha
Maybe he should design flag of Mars
f
I spoke with Korolevs family today. He was one of the very best. / .
In general, we need to improve how podcasts play
SPQR
True haha
Death is the loss of information
Earning power post augmentation would easily pay for itself (if thats even necessary). This is the best thing I can think of to ensure that collective human will decides the future.
Absolutely
Probably a good one to design &amp; engineer in Germany
Even more
Ok
Berlin Model Y is the one to watch. That is a revolution in automotive body engineering (finally).
True
Wow, IHOP &amp; GitHub are close
Best use of the term Full Stack?
For sure. This is both great &amp; terrifying. Everything weve ever sensed or thought has been electrical signals. The early universe was just a soup of quarks &amp; leptons. How did a very small piece of the Universe start to think of itself as sentient?
Yes
Sorry, should hopefully be soon!
Not actually a payout, just a vesting of stock options. It may never pay out, as the stock cant be sold for years after exercise. The stock must be bought &amp; income taxes paid, then hold value for years.
No easy way to answer this in a tweet, but helping with dire brain injuries is our first priority. Details Aug .
AI symbiosis while u wait
Theres some of that too
True, it sounds so surreal, but the negative propaganda is still all out there &amp; easy to find in social media &amp; press interviews, so its not just our imagination!
Make sure to read ur terms &amp; conditions before clicking accept!
Samwise Gamgee
Altho Dumb and Dumber is
Progress update August
Sure
If you cant beat em, join em Neuralink mission statement
Tesla China team is awesome!
Words are a very lossy compression of thought
If you get past Mars, the asteroids, moons of Jupiter &amp; Saturn, inevitably you reach Uranus!
Carl Sagan
Essentially. Long-term purpose of my Tesla stock is to help make life multiplanetary to ensure its continuance. The massive capital needs are in to years. By then, if were fortunate, Teslas goal of accelerating sustainable energy &amp; autonomy will be mostly accomplished.
Thank goodness for modern medicine!
For sure
Coming soon, our battle with Big Tequila! Its real.
That would be next-level
I bought a pair of XL
Also true. Haha you rock!
Nailed it
Thanks Johnna, you too
Good summary
There were years without war. Thats the amazing part.
Yeah!
Lord of the Rings
Looks cool
Sure
Age of Napoleon, so far. The first books are a little dry. Gets much better when Ariel is co-author.
Read The Story of Civilization by Will &amp; Ariel Durant
Well said
Dang, we broke the website
Only $69.420!!
Limited edition short shorts now available at
Yes haha, we will soon be short of short shorts
Yeah, its pretty weird
Yeah, but first we need to finish Giga Berlin and a second US Giga to serve eastern half of North America
Nice haha
It may have started already
Its absurdly large
Yup
Beautiful fireworks in LA tonight
He is a mind virus for fools
North American Supercharger usage is now at pre-covid high, Europe about a week behind, China &amp; Asia-Pacific in general doing great
Sorry to hear about this. Hope you get back to orbit soon. Rockets are hard.
You have my full support!
Please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. It is the only way to maintain public discourse.
Happy th of July!!
That would be great
Agreed, but its hard to ignore what is effectively a social media denial of service attack
Accounts that unequivocally advocate harassment should be suspended with warning, then shut down if repeated
True
Yeah, but why? Im working on sustainable energy cars &amp; solar that help Earth and making life multiplanetary, to ensure its continuance, with SpaceX.
Thanks, that would promote good public discourse
A pseudojourno asked all his followers to spam my mentions
Wow
True
Youre a good person
To the best our knowledge, he never toured SpaceX. Dont know where that comes from.
I was at that Vanity Fair party with . Dont know Ghislaine. Real question is why did VF invite her?
Now youre unblocked, so stop whining
I only block people as a direct insult
Yes. Green card (permanent residency) is fine too for SpaceX, according to ITAR rules.
Yeah, Tesla app would enable you to release your car into the fleet &amp; summon it back at will
Directly, my companies employ roughly people. However, there is a massive global supply &amp; logistics chain that employs to times that number.
RWD is slightly more efficient, but dual motor AWD is faster &amp; more agile
Congrats Tesla Team U ROK!!
damn, hoist on my own petard!
I dont have an emerald mine, nor was I given free money from anyone, inheritance or otherwise. Ashlee Vance interviewed hundreds of people. Ask him.
Good point
Thanks for hosting me in Tulsa today!
This is false. I landed in Montreal at age with $2000, a backpack of clothes &amp; suitcase of books. My father is bankrupt &amp; has been for a long time. I inherited literally nothing from him.
She photobombed me at a Vanity Fair Oscar party. Was there with . Dont know Ghislaine at all. Why do you think it should be a bigger story?
Greenspan is crackers, bananas, barky &amp; ten cards short of a full deck
Others will probably pass human trials first, but this machine is pretty special for generalized vaccine production. Was originally intended for rabies, which is a very tricky virus.
Interesting
Good point, we dont
Coming soon
HCL appears to be effective when used early
Unfortunately, there are thousands of automotive design rule differences between US &amp; EU, including completely different charge ports. Gets worse every year. Not our choice.
Theres that too. Deaths should be broken out as died with vs died of.
Deaths continue to trend down
Were seeing field false positives much higher than lab false positives, in range of % to %. Article says testing went from k to k, which means a -fold increase in false positives. My guess is most cases, especially no symptoms, are false positives.
Yes
The news is sometimes created, but always curated. The latter is most pernicious. On any given day, there are thousands of potential stories. By picking which stories are written about &amp; how prominently theyre placed, a handful of publishers control much of the public narrative.
Klippenstein has gone full twitter troll. Big mistake. Never go full troll!
Oh yeah, Klip Einstein, pseudojournalist &amp; douche-about-town
Someone is paying for hundreds of bots &amp; trolls to push this lame Vanity Fair photobomb pic. I wonder who
true
This is false. I have never introduced either of them to anyone.
Yeah
Sounds sketch
Pretty much
Haute couture
Thanks!
Dont know Ghislaine at all. She photobombed me once at a Vanity Fair party several years ago. Real question is why VF invited her in the first place
Thanks Viv, you rock
Sure, we will aim to do a cross-country drive with Cybertruck later this year
Ok fine
Exactly
Yes
Thanks Tesla owners &amp; investors! Love you!! We will work super hard to earn your trust &amp; support.
Thank goodness! Front license plates make my eyes bleed.
Not bad
But sooo satisfying
SEC, three letter acronym, middle word is Elons
Will send some to the Shortseller Enrichment Commission to comfort them through these difficult times
Should have a free trade agreement with US. No tariffs at all either way.
I worried we wont be taken seriously if our short shorts have flames
He wore them well. No denying it.
Busted! I secretly short shorts.
Tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
Great interview
Yes
Sellers of medium height or above are fine
Those dang budgie smugglers!!
Who wears short shorts?
Great song
Awesome!!
Thank you. Angie
bs
You cherry-picked one state out of fifty, which saw a minor uptick. Show the whole country.
I tried to warn them
Yup
Somethings messed up about medicine thats anti-science. In science, you question everyone, no matter who they are. Facts &amp; reasoning are everything, but in medicine too much emphasis is on credentials, often by people whove accomplished nothing but a PhD thesis used by no one.
Heres one:
Yes, Angela, please show us the graphs/data that prove your point
Im not building anything on ethereum. Not for or against it, just dont use it or own any.
Lithium is common. Hard part is turning lithium salt or clay into extremely pure LiOH.
Yes, at Tesla Grohmann
Tesla, as a side project, is building RNA microfactories for CureVac &amp; possibly others
In principle, I think synthetic RNA (and DNA) has amazing potential. This basically makes the solution to many diseases a software problem.
As youd expect, this has resulted in a proportionately very high number of C19 false positives. Field test reliability we are seeing is best case %, worst case % false positive. Much worse than lab accuracy.
Seems fishy
very true
A lot of functionality will happen all at once when we transition to the new software stack. Most likely, it will be releasable in to months. Then its a question of what functionality is proven safe enough to enable for owners.
Going well. Team is kicking ass &amp; its an honor to work with them. Pretty much everything had to be rewritten, including our labeling software, so that its fundamentally D at every step from training through inference.
Crassus was a dick
Haha awesome
Hell of a decade
I love Texas! Starship production complex is in Boca Chica &amp; SpaceX engine development has been in McGregor for almost years.
Aiming for km with lots of turns to better approximate a real-world tunnel
You just have to be a shareholder. There is limited space, so sign up fast when we do final confirmation of date &amp; location.
Wow, Ive never seen this level of support! Out of respect, seems like I should at least visit.
We need to finish building a much longer vacuum tunnel for speed tests &amp; probably have an additional competition for tunneling itself
All questions will be answered on Battery Day, Sept th. Will be webcast, although there is much to see in person.
Tesla Impact Report (repost). We do everything humanly possible to source materials &amp; produce sustainable energy cars, batteries &amp; solar ethically. Suggestions for improvement are always appreciated.
Things often dont translate from mice to humans, but thats promising
Likely true
Yes
Starlink will provide global coverage
Worth discussing at annual shareholders meeting
Party on
Fixing
Extremely big difference between died because of or died with. Also, did the person actually have C19 or did they just have C19 symptoms? Its almost impossible to die without feeling weakness, shortness of breath or other C19 symptoms, unless you were crushed by a falling piano.
Your GPS just got slightly better
This bill needs to be revoked. It gives absurd power to county bureaucrats.
If accurate, this would explain a lot
Levitt is right
There are a lot of C19 false positives messing up the numbers. Even tests with % false positive rate (in *field*, not lab) would show up as ~17 million fake C19 cases even if there were actually none.
Very much agree
Good hygiene always makes sense
True
Cybertruck does feel like cgi irl
There are a ridiculous number of false positive C19 tests, in some cases ~50%. False positives scale linearly with of tests. This is a big part of why C19 positive tests are going up while hospitalizations &amp; mortality are declining. Anyone who tests positive should retest.
Btw, Tesla actually receives *least* subsidies of any automaker in US. Federal tax credit applies to other automaker EVs, but no longer Tesla.
Great Model Y review by
Dogs rock
days after /20 again haha
Physics favors electric transport, batteries for stationary storage &amp; solar/wind for energy generation
Major Supercharger increases are underway for the greater LA area
For sure
Verified should be far more widespread, simply that someone is who they claim to be
Its a tough one. Thats why we should expand the scope &amp; scale of consciousness to understand the nature of the Universe.
Jay is awesome
Absolutely!
Giga Berlin is gonna rock!
. is a copy haha
Its close though
This makes no sense for many other reasons too. They dont actually have spectrum priority, they have shared spectrum &amp; nothing about this company is UK, except post office box. Money would be better spent on actual UK satellite industry!
Glad you like it!
Great idea
Who controls the memes, controls the Universe
Literally
Only a matter of time before someone steals a Tesla while playing GTA on a Tesla
Very meta, but yes
True
Coming soon
North American Supercharger usage tracking to exceed pre covid highs in to weeks. Lot of noise out there. This is signal.
I think we could make that work
Glad youre ok
Exactly! A carbon tax is needed to correct the unpriced externality &amp; market will do the rest. The consequences of slow action are serious. In my opinion, we need to convert &gt;80% of the global road, sea &amp; air fleet to renewables by .
Looks pretty cool
Could be slightly faster
Two Starship tanks in the midbay
Ok
Special thanks to Tesla trucking &amp; rail partners for figuratively &amp; literally going the extra mile
Apologies to Tesla customers for shifting delivery dates. Its a crazy world out there!
Yes, it is designed to serve the least-served
Yes, although Starlink works best for low population density situations
Canada is a major priority for Starlink!
September sounds about right
Well said by
Takes longer to get regulatory approvals in Europe, plus way more diverse traffic signs, lights &amp; road rules
Timing is uncertain, given externalities, but yes
Congratulations!
Very much disagree with this action. In my experience, these skillsets are net job creators. Visa reform makes sense, but this is too broad.
Will be changed to $3k until July st
Yes
Yes
Tentative date for Tesla Shareholder Meeting &amp; Battery Day is Sept . Will include tour of cell production system.
Done. Now $2k via in-app purchase.
Reminder that Tesla Full Self-Driving (FSD) price goes up by $1k on July st
Enabling basic Tesla Autopilot via Tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until July
All patched up!
Entirely possible. Social media is a limbic amplifier, which inherently destabilizes civilization.
Ensure future of Earth &amp; extend life sustainably to other planets
Probably early Q4
seems so quaint &amp; long ago
There are no signs of intelligent life
Yes
Luck is the best superpower
That is our purpose
Tesla Bioweapon Defense Mode
We must pass The Great Filter
Thats how she likes it
Agreed, although best is no out of service stalls
Mars is my souldog
Yes
If heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
Best definition of innovation Ive ever heard
All good
Will follow up by tomorrow
Sure
Will do. I play PC, so missed some of console exclusives.
Haha sure
Deus Ex / Half-Life / Bioshock / Mass Effect / Fallout &amp; New Vegas / Saints Row IV
There will be a subscription, but it will be economically better to have bought FSD
This would be a good time to upgrade to FSD, as it goes up by $1k on July . We could make it $7k to upgrade to FSD until July (even if you dont have basic Autopilot). Does that sound good?
This does sound excessive. Will look into it.
Just us being fools, but free Supercharging forever is not coming back to any vehicles. Its not a good incentive structure.
Haha Teslas all the way down
Maybe, will look into it. Wed need to emulate a TV.
We could probably make a fun punch (click) buggy game, with extra points for rare Teslas
Bought based on your review. Its great!
The was not to outcompete other companies, but rather to maximize usefulness &amp; rate of progress in the absolute
For example, we created a chip design team from scratch for the Tesla full self-driving computer, which is not something car companies do
Tesla should really be thought of as roughly a dozen technology startups, many of which have little to no correlation with traditional automotive companies
We are putting a lot of effort into improving the Tesla China experience with local engineering &amp; great feedback from Tesla owners in China!
Cool, lmk what we can do to improve the product, especially vehicle software/firmware, app &amp; overall interaction with Tesla, as these changes can immediately improve the entire fleet
Feels so long ago
Pulling up to The Petersen
Nice
We will add one more PTO day after the annual review next quarter
It will look a little odd
Probably Fremont
Probably good to combine them, since they are converging in time. Im hopeful we can announce a date after the July th week.
Yes, but we will have to postpone annual shareholder meeting, as still no large gatherings allowed by July th. Not sure of new date, but am guessing maybe a month or so later.
Stop by The Petersen is youd like to see Cybertruck irl! Lots of awesome cars &amp; bikes there. Definitely worth seeing with or without Cybertruck.
It does require use of a paid-time-off day, which is true of many other holidays
Juneteenth is henceforth considered a US holiday at Tesla &amp; SpaceX
Moving fast
Opening in about two weeks
Reaching chamber pressure of atmospheres
Confirmed
We are considering several options
Tesla has an option to purchase this land, but has not exercised it
Renewable energy is happening fast
Comes standard with Cybertruck
Not sure. Theyre pretty close together.
It will be real
Maybe Incat
There will be many test flights before commercial passengers are carried. First Earth to Earth test flights might be in or years.
We need to be far enough away so as not to bother heavily populated areas. The launch &amp; landing are not subtle. But you could get within a few miles of the spaceport in a boat.
Directionally correct, but Zenit is an order of magnitude smaller than Starship system &amp; doesnt come back &amp; land
US law requires at least a green card to be hired at SpaceX, as rockets are considered advanced weapons technology
Pretty much
Illuminaughty haha
SpaceX is building floating, superheavy-class spaceports for Mars, moon &amp; hypersonic travel around Earth
Maybe some Flextape
No problem, we can buff it out
Fairing reuse is looking good
So where are the aliens?
Or Y
No larger pack Model is in development
Actually, weve made slight changes, but the range improvement is &gt;90% efficiency
Cool
Physics doesnt care about politicians
Coming soon
All Model S cars made since late Jan have mile range. This is just making it official.
Tesla Model S now first ever electric vehicle to receive EPA range rating above miles!
Absolutely
China &amp; Asia Pacific Supercharger usage above pre-covid highs. North America catching up fast. Europe slightly behind.
Looking likely
Throttling is done by adjusting flow to the ox and fuel preburners. The lower limit of thrust is ox &amp; fuel turbopump injector preburner stiffness, essentially when do the preburner elements start flaming out.
Tank didnt burst, but leaked at bar. This is a good result &amp; supports idea of L stainless being better than . Were developing our own alloy to take this even further. Leak before burst is highly desirable.
Yeah. Merlin, using a single pintle injector with cold, liquid propellant, needs a longer chamber than Raptor, which uses a large number of coaxial injectors, despite Merlin being less than half thrust. Propellant enters Raptor chamber as hot gas thats already mixed.
Yes
Thats the goal. There a few known weak points on this test tank, probably capable of more pressure. The second test tank to follow shortly has addressed the weak points.
Accurate
Sure
Around ms. Its designed to run real-time, competitive video games. Version , which is at lower altitude could be as low as ms latency.
It will get even simpler. Just two instructions for Starlink: plug in &amp; point at sky. Can be done in either order.
Congratulations Kathy!
Acceptable, if your drivetrain is very efficient &amp; you add a little manga
As foretold by
Stonks
lol
Exactly. Chartering a dedicated flight around the world costs less than buying a small, single engine turboprop plane. In the same way, a giant reusable rocket flight is way cheaper than a tiny expendable rocket that can be used only once.
True
Battery industry is world champion at bs. Lithium-ion doesnt really mean anything. What matters is cathode &amp; anode material. There are many choices, but nickel cathode with carbon-silicon anode works great.
I thought this was an Onion article
Staggeringly dumb
I got the fuel cell question about times
Its getting Biblical
Exactly, fuel cells = fool sells
Renewable energy passed coal in April
Worth considering
Agreed
Try Boucher
Great point. Many articles are retweeted based on headlines that dont match the content.
Actually, were on SN30 for Raptor
Sure. Thats long montage
Wow
the laser beam long exposure shots
Hundreds of improvements in manufacturability primarily (this is by far the hardest problem), mass down, thrust up, Isp up. Current improvement list continues past SN50. As the saying goes, its % inspiration &amp; % perspiration
Also, insulation of a deep cryogen( which Id call anything that liquifies nitrogen aka % of air) is heavy &amp; prone to heat leaks. H2 is hell.
Tesla factory workplace safety is % better than industry average for manufacturers &amp; improving fast
Important technical note: due to higher O/F of CH4 vs RP1 (oxygen is dense) &amp; significant density increase of subcooled CH4 (plus no common dome insulation needed), plus cryo strength bump of CH4, tank mass of CH4/O2 stage is almost same as RP1/O2.
We could never reach Isp with RP/kerosene. CH4 has higher Isp potential on paper, but even better in practice. With CH4, you can reach &gt;99% of max theoretical combustion efficiency, but RP is ~97% on a good day &amp; requires desooting of turbines between flights.
After which they are recycled
Tesla batteries are lasting much longer than k miles / k km
Moreover, energy produced by Tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories
Electric cars produce *much* less CO2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission &amp; vehicle production into acount
Posting Tesla Impact Report, this time with summary points &amp; charts in my reply tweets
Haha. Will post summary.
Combined with SpaceX deep subcooling of propellants to near liquefaction temp of N2, use of common dome (CH4 &amp; O2 liquid at similar temps) &amp; higher T/W of engines enables de facto higher delta-V than an H2/O2 stage
Quite a piece! I should credit Soviet/Russian engine work in the s as being a factor in deciding to switch from H2 to CH4. They demonstrated excellent performance on test stands, with Isp up to secs.
Wort reading the whole thing
We shall see
Maybe I should retweet the top four or five point. What caught your eye the most?
Good point!
Yes
(Formerly) mainstream media has systemic negative &amp; political bias about almost everything. Reading major newspapers makes you feel sad &amp; angry. Thats why theyre being crushed by . Likes/retweets of old media are extremely low. Ironic article:
Size matters
Sure seems that way
Bad incentive structure
To meme the impossible meme
Were working on new legs. Wider stance &amp; able to auto-level. Important for leaning into wind or landing on rocky &amp; pitted surfaces.
Forward thrusters are to stabilize ship when landing in high winds. If goal is max payload to moon per ship, no heatshield or flaps or big gas thruster packs are needed. No need to bring early ships back. They can serve as part of moon base alpha.
Absolutely
Outcome-based contracting with multiple competitors is vastly better than cost-plus (especially if sole-sourced), as the former rewards results &amp; latter rewards waste. Outcome contracting should be applied broadly within government. The difference in results will be incredible.
Wow, this is extremely important!!
Autopilot prime directive is: dont crash. What seems fast to humans is slow to a computer. degree low light vision &amp; sonar, plus forward radar enable to be superhuman. Upcoming software upgrades will increasingly show the potential.
Stankonia at
Good point
And those who werent expecting a ternary joke
Mars has an amazing amount of water ice
m
Yeah. Even stacking on the pad will be quite an adventure!
Creating the production system is &gt;1000% harder than building one rocket. This is the truly hard thing.
Its insane
Pursuing all three. Hard to say right now.
Gateway to Mars
Lot has happened since then!
tons of propellant, almost % of which is densified liquid oxygen
Haha true
SpaceX Software AMA
Yeah, for Super Heavy stacking
Giant high bay coming soon
Starship Production Complex Boca Chica, Texas
What a cute &amp; happy dog!
Big line at the barbershop
Thursday
I guess more people need to get more involved in the party primaries (which is a chore)
The gerontocracy is out of touch with the people
Selling weed literally went from major felony to essential business (open during pandemic) in much of America &amp; yet many are still in prison. Doesnt make sense, isnt right.
This will probably get me into trouble, but I feel I have to say it
Good point haha
Order a Tesla online in mins at
Tesla Model Y review by Dan Neil
Methalox is the right propellant. Should be staged combustion &amp; highly reusable.
Yes
About a dozen transfer windows, so ~25 years
Wow, hard to believe that was years ago!
Jack is doing his best. I support him.
Time to break up Amazon. Monopolies are wrong!
This is insane
Thats when all life on Earth will be boiled off. What matters is how long civilization is capable of making the jump to Mars. This could be a very short period of time measured in decades. It took billion years to get to this point &amp; civilization isnt looking super stable.
So many war stories over eventful years! But Starship can make life multiplanetary, which is what really matters for safeguarding the light of consciousness &amp; life as we know it. X improvement over Falcon/Dragon.
Off Twitter for a while
Starship is the key to making life multiplanetary &amp; protecting the light of consciousness
Well said
Definitely not right that the other officers were charged with nothing. What message does this send in general to officers who stand by while another does wrong?
Wheres the banana!?
Nine years later
Must be due to relativistic aging
Brought home by same person who placed it there almost a decade ago
, , -. . - Elon
Congratulations Bob &amp; Doug on docking &amp; hatch opening on !
Sure
Probably
Dragon docks with in ~3 hours
Dragonship Endeavor
mins to T-0
Falcon/Dragon are designed to withstand multiple lightning strikes, but we dont think it would be wise to take this risk
Proceeding with countdown today, weather cancellation risk ~50%
Yes
Worth noting that, as of Jan , Tesla buyers no longer received any federal tax credit. Model led despite this disadvantage.
We slowed down a bit to allow Supercharger V3 production to get going, but now will speed up!
More Superchargers coming soon!
He is great
human kind
Sunset
Yeah, Atlantic weather review tomorrow morning will determine if we can launch
Feels so long ago
Haha true
I sure hope so!
Dragon Dawn
Thanks Lex!
Good question
Worth reading
Sorry to hear that. Orbit is hard. Took us four attempts with Falcon .
Thanks Buzz!
No problem
Cute as a button
Fallout New Omaha
His ideas sound sensible, but he was not my or SpaceXs brain coach. I think he maybe gave a talk once.
years ago. We need to accelerate progress towards fully reusable rockets. Cost per ton to orbit needs to improve by &gt;1000% from where Falcon is today for there to be a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Mars needs to happen soon
Made on Earth by humans
Cool
Pretty much
Reviewed design with Franz last night. Even % smaller is too small. Will be pretty much this size. Well probably do a smaller, tight world truck at some point.
Haha true! Hard to convey tone in tweets. Many people would probably be a lot less upset if they heard me speak the words.
Astronauts to orbit in days!!
Fate Irony
The medium is the message
Time to return
New New Hampshire license plate?
Open your eyes, look up to the skies
Great episode
Sure
Jay *really* knows cars! Next-level.
Im a big fan of Kathy Lueders!
Mission control at the Cape
Much harder problem than it may seem
Culmination of a truly incredible amount of work by &amp; engineering, along with support of all International countries
Sure
Cool group
Astronauts to orbit next week!
True
I am openly moderate
More fun, less shun!
Exactly
Cancel Cancel Culture!
Yes
The FSD price will continue to rise as the software gets closer to full self-driving capability with regulatory approval. It that point, the value of FSD is probably somewhere in excess of $100,000.
Tesla Full Self-Driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on July st. Order a Tesla online in less than minutes at
Zach made a significant contribution to SpaceX &amp; is a friend. I wish him well as he tries something new.
Great. Just sleeps &amp; eats, overall pretty chill.
Maybe today if were lucky
One of my fav Matrix memes
When u take DayQuil &amp; NyQuil at same time
Take the red pill
Pretty good, how are you?
No problem
I still only own Bitcoins btw
Pretty much, although massive currency issuance by govt central banks is making Bitcoin Internet money look solid by comparison
Pretty much
Frankly, I dont even know what plethora means
True
Agreed, people have forgotten how much in-person events matter! Also, theres a lot to see. Its not just a presentation.
Making great candy is harder than it seems!
Maximize the freedom of action of the people
True
Great wiki piece!
Napoleon was incredible. It is my wish that my ashes may repose on the banks of the Seine, in the midst of the French people, whom I have loved so well.
The Age of Napoleon by Will &amp; Ariel Durant is an amazing book
A few weeks away
Totally. Collective mind control by stoking fear.
Marx vs Adam Smith -&gt; Adam Smith for the win. Not even close.
Yes, improvement is exponential
Yeah. Maybe following individual journalists &amp; citizen journalists is better than publications. The Onion may be the best mainstream media source. Hard to figure out whats actually going on in the world!
Its remarkable how often The News attempts to answer the question: what is the worst thing that happened on Earth today?
Still am
More or less crazy than reality itself?
Its next-level for sure. Reality is getting weird fast.
Famous last words
I said run for office, not president (sigh). Who even owns Newsweek these days? I lost track.
Boring Co will also connect Vegas hotels &amp; airport. Autonomous Teslas in tunnels will provide individualized mass transit.
Were going to have to push out the date or attendance will be very low. Maybe do in two parts: webcast next month &amp; in-person event a few months later?
Hospitals are going bankrupt for lack of patients
True (sigh)
Seriously, Big Candy is suppressing R&amp! Whens the last time you heard of a great new candy bar?
He was critical of large bureaucracies &amp; Napoleon III was indeed a knucklehead
Fair point, PyTorch is great!
Capitalism already has many fetters in the form of a plethora of regulatory bodies! Im definitely against any monopolies/oligopolies where there is a low forcing function for improving customer happiness or an unpriced externality that consumes a common good (eg emissions).
Probably sooner
This is happening a lot
That would be cool!
Very much agree!
Along with several guillotine death threats!
Boring Company completes nd Vegas tunnel
In his th Brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), Marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. This is now ironically happening with Marxism.
Exactly
Tesla makes the safest cars in the world &amp; our factory injury rate is better than industry avg &amp; tracking to be better than any auto plant in North America. We care deeply about safety at a fundamental level.
SpaceX has employees in California, Washington, Texas &amp; Florida. Operating this entire time, as we have national security exemption. Zero deaths or serious illnesses.
Absolutely. Tesla already went through this in China with employees. Zero fatalities or serious illnesses.
The statistics stopped being valid when anyone with covid symptoms, which is now almost anything, was counted as having covid
Well said! Please run for office. The politicians &amp; unelected bureaucrats who stole our liberty should be tarred, feathered &amp; thrown out of town!
Exactly
Yes
Exactly
Thanks for adding!
Tesla Supercharger usage by region
Top Marx
Facebook sucks
Fair point
Super exciting day coming up!
The custom styling some of the team is doing over their masks is really cool!
Exactly!
Said another way, Falcon Heavy has /3 thrust of Saturn V. Starship/Super Heavy will have double thrust of Saturn V.
Power of F9 today is still not widely understood. It has about same thrust as Delta IV Heavy, most powerful Boeing/Lockheed rocket. Falcon Heavy has triple.
Yes
Cost-plus contracting is the devil
Hi Jared, Colorado is great! I think your policies make a lot of sense.
Life should be lived
Buca
Tolkien rocks
For sure
Best group on FB by far
Personally, I think we should
This is getting annoying. Honestly, Im not sure its even helping their scam!
Those who always disagree have a closed mind but, by their very nature, that wont sink in (sigh)
Its not often that the Governor of California &amp; the President agree!
Thank you!
It appears that what he is saying is untrue
Lil baby
Great
Tough call. Maybe Newton by a small margin. Both obviously extremely smart for a human.
Wow, great writing!
All other car companies are allowed to manufacture *except* Tesla, you knucklehead. No wonder you got crushed by a computer the size of a pizza box.
Much appreciated!
Thats pretty much what happened
Pretty close. It will look absurdly tall &amp; have a lot more ground support equipment.
Haggerty actually admitted to NYT that he told his staff to slow down Tesla for reasons that had nothing to do with health. Unreal
Exactly
Exactly
Dont mislead the public. State said YES, an unelected county official is the problem. Tesla factory in adjacent San Joaquin county is fully operational.
Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me.
Yes, California approved, but an unelected county official illegally overrode. Also, all other auto companies in US are approved to resume. Only Tesla has been singled out. This is super messed up!
Thank you Governor Newsom!
Zork with AI dungeon master
Note is much appreciated
Interesting
Yes, this is insane
Babies rock
Good summary
Yes
That would be great
We should do this
Thanks for the cool suggestions More fun coming to your Tesla soon!
For real
Absolutely
Happy Mothers Day to other mothers!!
No, I just think youre a boring idiot
Message received
This thread summarizes situation perfectly
Sheriff Bianco rocks!
They were amazing
Absolutely. Moreover, they dont even need to be tested for covid, just need covid-like symptoms, which is a long list, including feeling weakness. Hard to die *without* feeling weakness!
Georgia lifted lockdown days ago
He is right
We are a pattern of atoms
Pretty much
Exactly
SN4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) &amp; engine thrust load at cryo
q t
u Mom
Meant to say
Sorry
Im not messing around. Absurd &amp; medically irrational behavior in violation of constitutional civil liberties, moreover by *unelected* county officials with no accountability, needs to stop.
Much appreciated, Mayor Fine!
Thanks Mayor Mei!
Absolutely
Please voice your disagreement as strongly as possible with
Yes, already done
Yes
Tesla is the biggest manufacturer in California &amp; second biggest exporter
Exactly! Tesla knows far more about what needs to be done to be safe through our Tesla China factory experience than an (unelected) interim junior official in Alameda County.
Absolutely, please do! You should be allowed to recoup damages from the county.
San Joaquin County, right next door to Alameda, has been sensible &amp; reasonable, whereas Alameda has been irrational &amp; detached from reality. Our castings foundry and other faculties in San Joaquin have been working /7 this entire time with no ill effects. Same with Giga Nevada.
Frankly, this is the final straw. Tesla will now move its HQ and future programs to Texas/Nevada immediately. If we even retain Fremont manufacturing activity at all, it will be dependen on how Tesla is treated in the future. Tesla is the last carmaker left in CA.
Tesla is filing a lawsuit against Alameda County immediately. The unelected &amp; ignorant Interim Health Officer of Alameda is acting contrary to the Governor, the President, our Constitutional freedoms &amp; just plain common sense!
No, I have a license!
B-nut
Half a , philosophically, must ipso facto half not
Turns out hobbits are enormous
Once again, I must recommend
Glad we could help
Its true
Coming soon
Yes, this is a high priority
Operating on a prime directive of crash avoidance, it could automatically intervene when crash probability is approaching %
Pain can certainly be turned off, but were not sure what the best initial test case (max goodness for least risk to patient) would be quite yet
Teslas automatically maintain their internal temperature to within safe limits in case a pet or child is left in the car
Thats harder than it sounds. Will check with team.
Ok
No, but its mostly the same as the ship, except for the thrust bulkhead (31 engines vs )
Its not all about engineering, although that is my personal favorite. Striving to make products or provide services in excess of what you consume is the noble goal.
To be clear, I do think finance &amp; law are important, but too many smart people in the US go into those fields. Also, too many MBAs.
Yes, mostly because you can use the ship every week going to the moon instead of every two years for Mars (best case)
Would be about times that cost for payload to surface of Mars
Starship + Super Heavy propellant mass is tons (78% O2 &amp; % CH4). I think we can get propellant cost down to ~$100/ton in volume, so ~$500k/flight. With high flight rate, probably below $1.5M fully burdened cost for tons to orbit or ~$10/kg.
Thats pretty much what happened. The cows werent sure what to do (not having encountered a rocket before), so first ran one direction, then the other.
A mandatory tracing app would be insane
True
Probably makes sense to have a Details section of the app that mirrors everything in the car. Would also allow phone to be used in lieu of car screen if car screen faults for any reason.
Franz and I do have absurdly similar tastes
Would cover latitude of London
Yes
Peak rate of about half that for version is about right, but heavily dependent on users per cell. Aiming for latency under ms.
It will only work for higher latitudes (Seattle) at first, then get progressively closer to the equator
Sure
Way more important than it sounds
Yeah!!
A fully &amp; rapidly reusable orbital rocket is fundamental to extending life beyond Earth. Propellant cost is roughly a th of vehicle cost (unless using a foolish propellant). Same principle as cars, planes, boats, etc.
SLS makes me feel sad
No, they will be smashed beyond repair &amp; corroded
Yeah, although hydrogen is not a great choice for a booster engine
A great mystery of the universe
Its so tragic that these engines just crash into the ocean every flight
Roundabouts no problem, but dodging distracted human drivers very tricky!
Looks about right. Ice mining/refining on Mars &amp; maximizing total system efficiency will be hard. CO2 is easy, as Mars atmosphere is mostly that. Also has good amount of N2, which is important for life.
In this case, just chilling the gas back to liquid
Yes, converts CO2 &amp; H2O to CH4 &amp; O2. Perfect for Mars!
Flare stack flamed out. In a few weeks well be recondensing methane using solar power, so no flare stack.
Turns on city street intersections is the big one
Yes. Static fire feeding from fuel header vs main tank.
Not SpaceX
His son sounds great btw
was a super tough year on all levels
Tesla &amp; SpaceX are the top two destinations for engineers, because you can have the most fun creating kickass technology! Thats why.
Good for them! About half the US will be mostly open by this weekend.
Yes
That was the whole company back then. Grew organically from a simple mariachi party in El Segundo.
U r a powerful
Wishing good vibes for all in nd half
I mean, this does seem like a time for Dad jokes
Orange you glad its not entomology?
Yeah, but stopped doing physically risky things after the kids were born
Archangel-12
SR-71, but yes
Not to mention !
Thanks Maria
Possibly even flatter!
Hopefully so
Whats wild is that Super Heavy will have Raptor engines in same space!
Its true, the pressure bulkheads are too pointy
Starship SN4 passed static fire
Happy, healthy &amp; cute as a button
This person is wrong. Why does JD want to believe he got cucked so bad anyway!?
There would be time-stamped video if this were true
Should be a lot of fun!
There are many pieces to the puzzle
DKE in a nutshell: were almost always dumber than we think we are
Science is simply rigorous pursuit of truth. Quality of reasoning is all that matters, which means a ten-year-old could be more correct than a physics Nobel Prize winner.
That would be awesome
This is false. JDs team put out video evidence, but conveniently excluded the date stamp, as it was well after JD &amp; AH had separated.
Yeah, definitely a future feature
Levitt rocks
Important to distinguish died with covid vs died because of covid. Also, distinguish between tested positive for covid or only had symptoms.
Utter moron
Thanks! Something more should be done. This guy has caused massive strife to the world with his absurdly fake science.
What a tool
Nope. Thanks!
Thanks Never too young for some ink haha
Boy
X A-12 Musk
Mom &amp; baby all good
A few hours away!
Anyway, were just talking about % here, so not much. Confident Model S will get + miles as soon as retest is allowed.
Weird that EPA would deny this. We have precise car logs that confirm it happened. Happy to provide them.
I hope anything lands
It seems unlikely right now
Mostly accurate. Liquid CH4 temp got too high this time. Offloading propellant. Will we retry later today.
Thanks!
Commentary is quite entertaining! MST3K
SN4 soon. Raptor looks so sml.
Good chance it accelerates viral vaccines &amp; cures
True
Whats troubling is that this doesnt get humanity a base on the moon or even a small crewed Mars mission
Excuse me, thats Mr. Bizznizz . Wheres the respek!?
There are many silver linings &amp; that is one
Exactly
Who is running this lame collection of bots &amp; trolls anyway? Try harder! Im an engineer, knucklehead. Just do business on the side.
Online
Well said, Lord Sumption, well said!
Ok, we will
Yes, about a month away from testing Raptor Vacuum
A little. Will have engines, not , no big fins and legs similar to ship. That thrust dome is the super hard part. Raptor SL thrust starts at ton, but upgrades in the works for ton.
Anyone think they can get a good multiplayer Minecraft working on Teslas? Or maybe create a game that interacts virtually with reality like Pokmon Go while driving safely? Like a complex version of Pac-man or Mario Kart?
Minecraft has amazing legs
That was years ago &amp; still not even on the moon. Progress must accelerate!
Pretty much
What excites you about ?
I dont want to set the world on fire by the Ink Spots
One of the all-time best songs
Rocket Rd, Hawthorne CA
Sure, thanks
Very much so
Pretty much
Freedom
Are we still free? Are we still brave? Hell yeah!!
Exactly
Even would agree
Hopefully in a few days
Haha
Were going to try landing Starship on the moon with enough propellant to return to Earth
How much for some anime Bitcoin?
Reality is its own parrot parody
There will be no Mars if we let them take our freedom away
bring it on
As always, I am optimistic about Tesla long-term
Baby due on Monday
Dont need the cash. Devoting myself to Mars and Earth. Possession just weigh you down.
My gf is mad at me
Just one stipulation on sale: I own Gene Wilders old house. It cannot be torn down or lose any its soul.
Rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
Exactly. How cheaply freedom is sold.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there
And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air
Now give people back their FREEDOM
Tesla stock price is too high imo
I am selling almost all physical possessions. Will own no house.
Incentives matter
Starship is making good progress
What is real any more
You got it!
Exactly
Well said
This needs to stop
AI makes more progress
This is misleading to the public
Classifying all deaths as corona even if corona didnt cause the death is simply a lie
Great work by SpaceX team &amp; very much appreciate faith in Starship by !
You dont say
Sound reasoning
Yup
Sweden is sensible
Exactly
Why forced isolation is bad
California HHS server crashed. Maybe it has covid.
Yes!
Actual data reference CHHS
Hospitals in California have been half empty this whole time
Bravo !
Very sensible
Yes
Bon voyage
Hell yeah!!
True
Yes, reopen with care &amp; appropriate protection, but dont put everyone under de facto house arrest
FREE AMERICA NOW
Bravo Texas!
Give people their freedom back!
Which isnt easy!
Too much the moral arbiter of the world
Silicon Valley has become Sanctimonious Valley
Starship will be able to launch telescopes over X diameter of Hubble
Hopefully start serving Africa early next year
Pretty much
Soon, it will be in tiktok
Oddly mesmerizing
Haha true. Great headline. Its quite hard to have rocket test articles not explode, as they so desperately want to!
Interesting
Yes
Just one. SN5 will get three.
Static fire with Raptor hopefully later this week
bar. Kind of a softball tbh, but thats enough to fly!
Great work by SpaceX engineering!
SN4 passed cryo proof!
What do you make of the FT claims?
FT is saying current death rate is extremely unusual, but youre saying was higher. Which is correct?
Snowing in Texas
Cryo test underway
Dark mode makes Twitter feel like night
How is it considered probable if theres no covid test? Is just a cough or high temperature enough?
So dark out there
Would be helpful to distinguish deaths caused by covid vs unrelated to covid!
True
. may be but his tweets are
Interesting
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Docs make good points
Yes, switching soon to a series alloy with higher ductility at cryogenic temp. is good as sheet, but not as plate. Also, a lot of geometric changes.
Not yet
Successive iteration of both design &amp; manufacturing. Latter is % harder than former.
Its a little dicey tbh. Thrust dome is being redesigned. Current one has four separate layers of steel in some places!
m
Physically ready in a few weeks. Approvals may take longer.
Aiming for cryo pressure test tonight
SN4 passed ambient pressure test
Romance Mode
Dogecoin Mode
Great
Heard same from doc I trust
No, good chance of RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event, but landing pad is separated from launch pad
That basically describes SoC vs SoC of our FSD computer right now. Soon to change!
So often true
Improved process I was referring to was cylinder to cylinder circumferential welds to improve cycle time &amp; reduce pucker. Those are still working their way through production.
These wont be strictly coupled to ship serial number. Might be on SN5 or might just be used as a manufacturing pathfinder.
Great labeling tools &amp; talented human labelers really matter. It really is a skilled profession! Importance of good tools &amp; infrastructure is underrated.
As usual for most things, building production system for Raptor is &gt;1000% harder than designing it
Its also because of the Spitfire engine &amp; wizard
Pretty much. Being better than human drivers on average is not a super high standard. Autonomy will probably be held to a % to % higher safety requirement long-term.
Progress is good
Definitely
Many talented engineers are working on FSD at Tesla. What matters is solving vision at high frame rate in our compute space with low latency between camera frame &amp; actuation.
Sure, we can probably do an update later this year
Needs to be more than halfway to east coast
Not saying new Giga will be in Texas, but Cybertruck will be produced there wherever it is, as Fremont is at max capacity
Yes
Yes
I agree
Mythic Quest is MTTD
Mean Time To Dick is a key measure of any given human or machine intelligence system
Merlin is very simple compared to Raptor
Width currently limited by size of cold-roll press needed to get steel to full hard condition. Bigger press will be built long-term.
Absolutely
Great questions from Hack Club!
Thats hardcore
The Machine Stops
Hard to imagine
Seems so long ago
Exactly
Its great
Welcome to the Tesla board! Honored to have you.
Starship SN4 tank on test stand
Yes, same results are showing up pretty much everywhere on Earth. Contagion is higher in high pop density cities &amp; mortality proportionate to age.
Silver lining is that mortality rate is much lower than predicted &amp; herd immunity much higher. Good news.
Maybe Cybertruck will have it
Im dying to do super efficient, quiet home HVAC with HEPA &amp; water distillation. Its weird, but I really want to do it.
Good one
Will talk with team. We have a lot on our plate!
Side camera view looks a little weird, as meant for self-driving, but will review with team. Image will need a little post-processing.
That is more reasonable, especially if mostly loans. Oil &amp; gas is an important industry without which civilization could not function at this time, but financial support should be proportionate to rest of economy.
So shall we all
Yes
Haha sure
Good summary
Coming soon
Yes
Yes
Yeah, its named after my friend Joe who suggested the feature
Maybe just make Joe Mode quieter?
Private beta begins in ~3 months, public beta in ~6 months, starting with high latitudes
In advance of this, please try to hack Starlink &amp; Tesla Mothership!
There are now operational Starlink satellites
New York seeing same results for invasive ventilators as Wuhan
Pretty much. We place high value on simulation too, but nothings as weird as reality!
Its made of a special dark foam thats extremely radio transparent, so as not to affect the phased array antennas. Looks a lot like a car sun visor.
Solar panel angle during orbit raise / park. Were fixing it now.
Yes
They are in fact being deorbited haha
Small amount of isopropyl alcohol (cleaning fluid) was trapped in a sensor dead leg &amp; ignited in flight
Sure hope so!
Frankly, much of the stimulus money is questionable, but this much to oil &amp; gas seems especially so
Not the greatest use of money
If this launch succeeds, we will have put up satellites
Thanks! We are taking some key steps to reduce satellite brightness btw. Should be much less noticeable during orbit raise by changing solar panel angle &amp; all sats get sunshades starting with launch .
Makes sense
Nice
Anything surprising?
Numbers I was told from Wuhan were % to % mortality rate for invasive ventilators. Those are not good odds.
When I talked to doctors in Wuhan, they recommended against invasive ventilators &amp; in favor of non-invasive
No kidding
Good article
Am in Boca working on the rocket with an awesome team, so pretty great
Definitely header tanks &amp; nosecone on SN5, hopefully flaps too. Definitely flaps on SN6
Crazy times!
Red sky of Mars is Blue at dawn &amp; dusk
Check the warranty
Guaranteed to make any party more fun!
Thanks everyone! Still cant believe I was born days after /20
Yes. It will even float for a while.
Yeah, and whole lot more! Aargh, Im dying to make Cybertruck like yesterday!!
Thinking about this
This is the key paragraph
Pretty much
Mechanically attached to steel studs. Insulation is certainly the intention!
Best political platform ever
SpaceX has a lot of experience berthing &amp; now docking with , which is very difficult. Orbital refilling should in theory be easier, since Starships dock with themselves &amp; will be uncrewed at first.
Great platform
Fully reusable orbital rocket, then orbital refilling, then Mars
% would be impressive. Anything below a % payload hit would be outstanding.
I sure hope so! This will inspire the world &amp; get people excited about the future, just as Apollo did. It wasnt just that a few people went to the moon, they went there for all humankind.
Another reason reported mortality rate is overstated is that dying *with* covid is not same as dying *from* covid. Media keeps reporting former, not latter.
Maybe % change to interior dimensions. Still very roomy.
Probably to months
Moreover, there is mounting evidence that invasive is suboptimal for covid. If they put Boris Johnson on mask ventilator, but *not* invasive, that tells you something! This article incorrectly conflates invasive as ventilator, but makes many good points
Youd think theyd at least be Wikipedia-level informed about ventilators! It clearly articulates the difference between invasive &amp; non-invasive. Its very misleading to the public to claim that only the invasive type are real ventilators.
My kids loved that one when they were little
Congratulations again! Starfleet begins
The way it should be!
Youre welcome! Very exciting times ahead for space.
Raptor is going through many development tests. Merlin is doing acceptance tests, as the design is stable. Depending on how you count them, there are about engine stands operating in parallel.
No, as the header tanks are quite small relative to main (~30 tons vs tons). Only uses very tip of the nose.
SN5
No, oxygen header tank in nose is important to keep center of mass forward during atmospheric entry
Similar, but seemingly small changes can have surprisingly big effects
Should be available as an in app purchase next month
Youre right, will fix
Good point. Yeah, Remdesivir is sounding very promising!
Orbital human spaceflight returns to the Cape in six weeks!
Advertising salespeople dressed as truth tellers
Trying have fewer parts, so strakes are unlikely. Some very counterintuitive CFD results in both hypersonic &amp; subsonic regimes. Starship does controlled falling more than flying.
Flaps, actuator &amp; static aero are undergoing redesign for mass reduction &amp; simplicity
Will do
True
Exactly
Good progress, but years to launch our first humans is a long time. Technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime.
Pretty much, although we also sent some Medtronic units, which are meant for extreme situations. Those require a lot of work to set up &amp; operate. Should be used sparingly. SpaceX is making the valve at the heart of that system.
Its a hard problem, mostly due to esthetics, but its the future we should have
Reviewing overall system with vehicle engineering team next week. Should have number then.
Reduced size by ~3%, center line is more level &amp; lower window sill height
All new
It is about % too small, but lots of fun
Were working on increasing dynamic air suspension travel for better off-roading. Needs to kick butt in Baja.
Karma is real
Yeah, super messed up
These were based on direct requests from their ICU wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
Partial list of hospitals to which Tesla sent ventilators
Perhaps you are unaware that Twitter has a search function? The hospitals *themselves* acknowledged receipt of ventilators.
Nice
All
Interesting
So true
Not to mention Medtronic, who makes the most advanced ventilators in the world, also affirming our help!
I literally have the receipts!! This is so dumb.
. please fix this misunderstanding
Exactly
What I find most surprising is that CNN still exists
Dr. Levitan advocates combining breathing support from a CPAP machine or regular oxygen with comfortable positioning. Yup.
Dont jump to intubation. Dr Caputo
A mask or nose ventilator with moderately increased oxygen % will help. This is common in hospitals. Intubation, where a tube is jammed down your throat under sedation &amp; youre fed high pressure, pure oxygen for several days to weeks is questionable.
Sounds about right
Roughly what is the survival rate of intubated patients? Im hearing % to %. Is this overly pessimistic?
I know of two nurses who had their job offers revoked, one in NYC and one in Arlington
Were working super hard on getting traffic lights &amp; stops released. Reverse summon (auto park) will be part of the core Autopilot software upgrade for FSD later this year.
They were, but are they currently?
Interesting
We are hearing almost all hospital ICUs have excess capacity. In some cases, % empty.
Does seem that early use is wise. Solving late stage C19 probably requires two or three mechanisms of action.
Sure
Production is by *far* the hard part. Thats why Im not super worried about early Starship failures. Initial serial numbers are suboptimal, so would be lawn ornaments if they survived. That said, as lawn ornaments go, theyre pretty sweet
SN4 wont get flaps, so can only do flights with engine on. Just did a reset this week on flap, actuator &amp; static aero design. Either SN5 or SN6 will get flaps.
Thats for sure!
I have great respect for anyone who gets a rocket to orbit! Its very hard. Im spending crazy hours on Starship design/production. It is truly an honor to work with such great engineers. SN4 is almost done
My (again) personal favorite is
Some of the small launcher activity is cool, especially . Downsides are helicopter retrieval doesnt scale to bigger rockets &amp; is highly weather-dependent. Also, propulsive landing is needed for moon/Mars. That said, its probably right move for small LEO vehicle.
Vast majority of ventilators are not intratracheal, but, yes, jamming a pipe down a patients throat &amp; driving in high pressure, pure oxygen is definitely not how we evolved! My personal choice would be mask with moderate pressure at ~50% O2.
SN26
Merlin is arguably version or by now. Its a real workhorse, but looks so simple next to Raptor!
The way things are looking right now, the world will soon be flooded with excess ventilators. Even NY is giving them away!
Fundamentally, Atlas is still dependent on Russia to launch
Yeah, Atlas main engine is Russian. Great engine, but not US. Also, their fairing is Swiss. I think interstage &amp; payload separation system also not US.
Tesla actually sent out ResMed, Philips &amp; Medtronic units. Latter is fully intratracheal. My personal opinion is that some ICUs are jumping the gun on intubation &amp; setting PEEP &amp; O2 too high. High pressure, pure oxygen increases risk of lung damage.
Sorry, meant to say only US rocket. Atlas V is close, but not yet %.
Tesla *was* saved by an investment in May from Daimler, not govt. Without that Daimler support, Tesla would have died. Super appreciated!
Exactly. In mid , Tesla received non-binding approval for loan program actually signed into law by Bush in late . First actual disbursement was Q2 , long after BK danger passed. Loan was repaid early with interest. Taxpayers made money on it!!
Last I checked, over a million dollars less. Moreover, F9 is launching far more often &amp; is only rocket fully NASA-approved for launching astronauts, so that gap is increasing.
Also, it costs less $ to insure a Falcon mission. Thats the acid test.
True. Only reason other medium &amp; heavy lift rocket companies are winning any missions at all is due to govt intervention. Otherwise, theyd be as defunct as expendable airplane companies. ULA is powered by lobbying.
To be clear, Fremont &amp; Shanghai will also be upgraded over time, but its hard to retrofit these improvements to an operating paint shop
Initial production at Giga Berlin is Model Y
You will be able to wrap it in any color or pattern
Theres tough competition for that title, but we will give it our best shot!
Giga Berlin will have worlds most advanced paint shop, with more layers of stunning colors that subtly change with curvature
This will happen
We stole that from cheetahs
In case its not already obvious, our product plan is basically stolen from Spaceballs
Theres a lot to talk about just on the battery front, so, yeah, just that. I guess we could answer some powertrain questions in Q&amp;A.
Just battery day, but it will be great. Plaid powertrain will be later this year.
While others party, he study the blade
DayQuil or NyQuil?
Happy Easter! Follow the
Yes
Functionality still looking good for this year. Regulatory approval is the big unknown.
Its not turned on. Meant for vandalism monitoring in a robotaxi future. Also, the car has transparent windows, so spying has limited value.
Turns out that gun is for the toilet paper
Correct
Yes, this is a real problem. The science is not in doubt.
Particulate matter from automotive exhausts has a much more serious impact on health than most people realize
In the future, it will be as strange to have expendable rockets as it would be to have expendable airplanes today. All will be reusable.
The swivel wing design was cool. This seems like a good idea:
Strange, as SpaceX lands on land frequently. Russia has very talented engineers, but they must be given reusability as goal or success is impossible.
A lot has happened in years
Good talking to you too. It was an honor.
SpaceX rockets are % reusable, theirs are %. This is the actual problem.
Tragedy
Tunnels arent required for this, but might be the only realistic way to solve for downtown to downtown travel
But actually
The Standard Model is amazing for useful predictions. Truly amazing. Dark * seems sketch, but doesnt appear to matter to our immediate future.
is bs
String theory
Theres a bit more to it than that
Youre welcome!
All input is error. When is the fan speed wrong?
Plaid Cybertruck is what I will drive
Im not sure whether that number is lucky or unlucky
Hard to predict dates right now. Most likely postponed to mid May.
In about a year. Would come from Giga Berlin.
You may return the vehicle for a full refund in the unlikely event that it causes domestic discord
Essentially
Good one
What is simple in one arena is often profound in another
Ok
Great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
AddLabel -&gt; PersonDressedAsCone
Certainly no problem for a trillion operations per second computer to make ~15 steering/acceleration/braking maneuvers per second. Thats a trillion calculations between each output command.
Humans drive using cameras on a slow gimbal &amp; are often distracted. A Tesla with cameras, radar, sonar &amp; always being alert can definitely be superhuman.
Cool
Aim for zero velocity just above surface &amp; fall. You wont fall fast.
Fine by me
The th &amp; final Dragon mission is complete
Ok
Coming soon
Definitely
Probably best to keep control local, but easy to check status from afar
High pucker-factor landing
Here you go
Puts our basic instincts on a roller coaster
Twitter causes id sinuation
Thats our goal!
This is awesome!
Starship fuel header tank
Like tears in rain
Ok
Amazing
Music is a limbic resonator
Nice ink
Not a question of wanting to do it or not, but rather having anyone there to make sure it gets delivered &amp; works
Not true
Cool!
Love that Gen Shinseki quote!
Nice color
Lovable dog . Mine looks like yours but in black &amp; white.
True. Each of these engines is also slightly different. Raptor is evolving rapidly.
It is stable on the ground without propellant loaded, which is an improvement from OG Atlas
Shes neither here nor there
Beatrix Potter energy!
One is Havanese &amp; one came from the pound
Hard to tell scale, as body diameter is m or ~30 ft, but it looks like it could be R2D2 size in this video
So proud
Raptors
Hard to hide anything from the Internet! Yeah, were going to reuse much of the thrust section.
Exactly. No point in an abort system on Mars, so got to make the core ship super safe.
Rockets &amp; spacecraft have to operate in vacuum, so maintaining pressure is fundamental. However, this can be made very safe over time imo.
There are redundant pressure control valves. Its a new system and SN3 was simply commanded wrong. Rockets are hard.
If you lose pressure control on rocket propellant tanks, youre doomed anyway, so might as well go all in
Were adding this here catchy tune to the music maker in the Tesla!
Pretty much. Good news is that this was a test configuration error, rather than a design or build mistake. Not enough pressure in the LOX tank ullage to maintain stability with a heavy load in the CH4 tank. This was done with N2.
Press any key to continue
Youre welcome!
u r o k
Tesla is on second rev of internal ventilator design. Will post an update on this tomorrow.
Yeah, about $35k with shipping &amp; taxes
Bought, but SpaceX is spooling up to manufacture proportional solenoid valves for Medtronic (confirmed as critical today with chair &amp; CEO)
First Medtronic units from Tesla getting installed in NY metro area. These are for worst case situations.
Were going to simplify Plaid a little. Was getting too complex.
Oh sure, good point. Will discuss with team &amp; make available to buy in Tesla app.
Some progress
Yeah, probably July st
Hoping to roll out traffic lights &amp; stops to wide US release in a few weeks &amp; probably WW release in Q3 (so many variations in each country!). Very important to make sure this is done right.
Homelink is rd party hardware that increases cost of all cars, but only some people use it, so its only installed upon request. Long-term, garage openers are transitioning to WiFi-activated.
Monty Python &amp; Mel Brooks are my all-time favorites
Northwell seems to be very pragmatic &amp; sensible. Impressive work in difficult circumstances.
And how to tell if someones a witch
So many brilliant scenes. Anarcho-syndicalism!
We will see what data review says in the morning, but this may have been a test configuration mistake
Its true
Air quality has a much bigger effect on health than people realize. Credit to Larry Page for making me aware of this.
Some valves leaked at cryo temp. Fixing &amp; will retest soon.
High quality critical feedback from Munro &amp; Co is much appreciated!
Sounds promising. Will be interesting to see results of clinical trials.
For those who care about details
Youre most welcome! Impressive work by Mount Sinai team.
SN3 passed ambient temperature pressure test last night, now doing cryogenic
Weird that so many troll/bot accounts were activated to attack on this fake issue. Wonder whos behind it.
Yeah, very important to provide C/BiPAP devices to *prevent* cases from becoming severe. Once severe (intratracheal intubation), survival rates are low.
Invasive ventilators are for worst case patients. Survival rate at that point is low, as Gov Cuomo has pointed out. Nonetheless, we start delivery of intratracheal Medtronic units in NYC tonight.
Exactly. Moreover, all hospitals were given exact specifications of Resmed &amp; Philips ventilators before delivery &amp; all confirmed they would be critical.
Will call when we reach Mars
Exactly
Definitely need a wider span
Yeah
Yes, v close! Nice work. Those are V0.9 legs, so major upgrades coming. Need wider span, longer stroke &amp; ability to auto-level for uneven ground or leaning into high winds.
Interesting
Y has next-level upgrades, especially body castings &amp; heat pump
Happy we could be helpful! More available if needed.
Mass of initial SN ships will be a little high &amp; Isp a little low, but, over time, it will be ~150t to LEO fully reusable
We have extra FDA-approved ventilators. Will ship to hospitals worldwide within Tesla delivery regions. Device &amp; shipping cost are free. Only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. Please me or know.
The legs extend &amp; telescope out, so are longer than they seem, but not as long as they will be for SN4+
One day we will
The S-curve appears to be entering the logarithmic phase
Ok
Hopefully, Starship will have enough flight history to substitute for Dragon for NASA missions too
Now on launch stand
Seeing friends
Hello from the Inside
Logarithm graphs coming soon
Magnetic personality
And many doctors are not treating patients, due to fear of giving or receiving C19
This sounds great
Can you do a fast antibody test?
Yes
Would be great to combine blood donations with a C19 antibody test, so you know if youre immune. Refill blood banks &amp; give donors peace of mind.
Buzzfeed is a mind virus
Also makes for a great shelter
We will give away all our ventilators, whether we buy them or build them
Yes. Just as with groceries, the panic is also causing hoarding of ventilators, preventing them from reaching the hospitals where they are needed.
Biggest value Tesla is providing is precise delivery of ventilators exactly to the ICU where &amp; when theyre needed. There are many ventilators in warehouses, but stuck in logistics/routing/paperwork issues.
Youre most welcome. Credit to the Tesla team. Will do our best to help in any way.
Dragonfire
Exactly. Douglas Adams knew what he was talking about.
Stop! In the name of love
Yes
. Care to comment?
Working on that with Medtronic. Given NY pressing needs, were delivering Resmed, Philips &amp; Medtronic ventilators to NY hospitals starting tonight.
Sigh
Yes
Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
SN3
Giga New York will reopen for ventilator production as soon as humanly possible. We will do anything in our power to help the citizens of New York.
Something weird happened at CDC yesterday. They changed the graph to include estimated illness onset date. This is a significantly less rigorous standard.
C19 testing in the US over the past week has grown much faster than C19 positive cases. I think we may have passed the inflection point for US cases (excluding NY) already.
Yes. Is there more? Should be a lot of data by now.
Making good progress. We will do whatever is needed to help in these difficult times.
This meme proves it
Its ducked!
. pls fix awetoekreqt
True. , this is accurate. You believe in journalistic integrity, but if something isnt done, this will continue.
Have let know
This is messed up
Both
Could maybe tap the condensation for water too. Seems odd that HVAC systems make pure, fresh water &amp; just dump it on the ground.
Thanks Tesla China team, China Customs Authority &amp; LAX customs for acting so swiftly
Yup, China had an oversupply, so we bought FDA-approved ResMed, Philips &amp; Medtronic ventilators on Friday night &amp; airshipped them to LA. If you want a free ventilator installed, please let us know!
Yeah, pretty much. House could talk to car &amp; know when youre expected home, so temp &amp; humidity would be perfect just as you arrive. No wasted energy.
This is a way bigger deal than most people realize
Sure would love to do home hvac thats quiet &amp; efficient, with humidity control &amp; HEPA filter
Yes. PCB design techniques applied to create a heat exchanger that is physically impossible by normal means. Heat pump also has a local heating loop to spool up fast &amp; extend usable temperature range. Octavalve is pretty special too. Team did great work. No credit to me.
The heat pump and rear body castings are a step beyond
Model Y heat pump is some of the best engineering Ive seen in a while. Team did next-level work.
Will do
Most likely, imo, we will see a significant reduction in the confirmed C19 case growth rate this week. Follow chart at bottom of this CDC page:
Exactly
According to the Italian govt, only % of deaths are actually due to C19. This is a significant policy difference in Italy vs most other countries.
Engineering ftw
Much appreciated
Have you seen more data on HCQ &amp; Z-Pak? Hard to find.
Worrisome
Yup
Well try to get &amp; deliver as many as possible. N95 masks are a pain to wear btw. Less onerous masks are better most of the time.
Yeah. We have a mask shipment stuck at LAX. Hopefully freed up soon.
Nice
This is great advice
Thanks for taking delivery in your garage! Let us know if theres anything else you need.
We expect to have over ~1200 to distribute this week. Getting them delivered, installed &amp; operating is the harder part.
Supply chain logistics getting masks &amp; other PPE to the right places in time is the main issue were hearing from ER physicians
Youre most welcome. Were working on getting other types of PPE too. Ventilators should arrive within a few days.
Panic is always dumb
Italy: On re-evaluation by the National Institute of Health, only per cent of death certificates have shown a direct causality from coronavirus.
Close contact family gatherings that mix young kids, who have almost no risk of C19 death, with grandparents who have high risk (especially those with prior lung damage), are one of the most powerful mortality vectors
We have N95 masks &amp; getting PAPRs. Will have our team reach out.
Just had a long engineering discussion with Medtronic about state-of-the-art ventilators. Very impressive team!
No problem
Sigmoid (S-curve) is how all physical and mental viruses behave, regardless of containment. Containment reduces asymptote of S-curve. At this point, we have strict containment in US/Europe &amp; should expect similarly reduced asymptote to China.
Sigmoidal for China, followed by sigmoidal for rest of world
Fair point
Exactly, both would be false positive. Also, dying with C19 is different from dying because of C19. Vast majority who died had other illnesses too.
Up to % false positive
Sure, although ventilator companies definitely know how to make ventilators. Just a spike in demand right now. Also, using CPAP machines for less severe cases &amp; using one ventilator for several patients seem like good moves to meet short-term demand.
Do you have data on the false positive rate? Ive heard a wide range of numbers. CDC numbers are almost an order of magnitude lower between high fidelity data (onset date known) and presumed positive.
Important consideration
Feels like the plot of Deus Ex
A single computer, pump &amp; pressure accumulator would be fine for many patients, but ideally individual valves per patient to personalize care &amp; avoid cross-flow risk
Yeah, SpaceX is working on ventilators too
That wont work for our auto parts suppliers, so, no, our US factory cant stay open
Yes, were working on ventilators, even though I think they probably wont be needed
Interesting thread
Thanks
China is operating normally across hundreds of suppliers &amp; all of Tesla Shanghai
Were working on ventilators, even though I think there will not be a shortage by the time we can make enough to matter
Anyone feeling even slightly ill should stay home. Elderly should avoid close contact, even with family members, for now. Those seem most important.
Kids are essentially immune, but elderly with existing conditions are vulnerable. Family gatherings with close contact between kids &amp; grandparents probably most risky.
Based on current trends, probably close to zero new cases in US too by end of April
Yes
No new domestic corona cases in China
Imo, this professor is correct. Also, growth rate of confirmed C19 cases is dropping every day, despite X increase in testing. From Tues to today, was %, %, %. Track this chart:
Sounds good, we will connect with your team to understand potential needs
Yes
True
Exactly. My guess is that the panic will cause more harm than the virus, if that hasnt happened already.
Tesla makes cars with sophisticated hvac systems. SpaceX makes spacecraft with life support systems. Ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly. Which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?
We will make ventilators if there is a shortage
Some helpful data from Italy
Monitor graph at bottom of CDC website. New confirmed cases, not oft-reported presumptive positive is trending to level off over next few weeks &amp; be negligible by end of April. Same pattern as China.
% chance of anything close
How does this compare to favipiravir?
Yeah, that will be a great milestone
Last launch aborted due to slightly high power. Possibly, but not obviously, related to today. This vehicle has seen a lot of wear, so today isnt a big surprise. Life leader rockets are used only for internal missions. Wont risk non-SpaceX satellites.
Yeah, most reflights ever!
Yeah. There was also an early engine shutdown on ascent, but it didnt affect orbit insertion. Shows value of having engines! Thorough investigation needed before next mission.
Because polygon doesnt rhyme
Yeah
Awe tow co wrecked
Abysmal autocorrect might be the reason people dont fear AI
Fear the memesphere
Wild times
Exactly
Seems to be happening a lot
Very sensible. Knows how to handle exponential functions in reality.
Whether Z-pak works in this situation or not, its a kickass med for many maladies
If Jamis needs help, he has many friends, me among them
Pretty close. Design is evolving rapidly. Would be great to flatten domes, embed engines &amp; add ~1.5 barrel sections of propellant for same total length. Also, current legs are a bit too small.
Hydroxychloroquine probably better
Sounds sensible
That said, danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. If we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses. Track graph at bottom of this page:
This paper matches what Im hearing from a lot of smart people
Yeah. Fate loves irony.
Whats worse is that I even told Stanford to check me for the $^* parasite &amp; they still couldnt find it!
Yeah
I was first misdiagnosed at Stanford Hospital with viral meningitis, then again misdiagnosed at Sequoia. A visiting doc from San Jose General saw my charts &amp; sent me to ICU immediately. I was ~36 hours from being unrecoverable. So, I take expert advice with a grain of salt
Was also given a lot of doxycycline
Maybe helpful
Yes, I received chloroquine via central line through my chest &amp; both arms. Had near fatal case of falciparum. Wouldve died for sure if not for chloroquine. Doesnt mean it works for C19, but maybe better than nothing.
Maybe worth considering chloroquine for C19
Slight booster length increase to m, so m for whole system. Liftoff mass ~5000 mT.
Fear is the mind-killer
Congratulations Giga NY team!
Some parts will use L, as it has higher toughness at cryo temps. Will move to internally developed alloys probably end of year.
Probably. Raptor sounds different to Merlin.
Lot of Raptors coming through! Now operating both horizontal &amp; vertical firing stands in McGregor.
Sure
Will discuss with team
Yes
Once production has exceeded preorders
Yes
True
Pretty much
Coming soon
The Permian-Triassic was super bad
To be totally frank, I did an image search on my phone &amp; posted without looking closely
Nice work!
Yes, its in my Twitter banner pic
We should be excited about the future &amp; striving to go beyond the horizon!
Good one
Thats the goal!
Wacktivism!
And so annoying
Moral condemnation used not for morality, but as a weapon for manipulation is messed up
Moon too
The people have spoken!
Checking
Mars is god of war &amp; memes are a form of war and fun too! Neither will be destroyed. Ceres, moons of Jupiter &amp; Saturn prob come next.
Sure
To those who quietly help advance the causes we mutually believe in, knowing advancing the cause is the only reward: thank you
Thank you for your kind words, brother
Former
Model Y production for east coast too
Scouting locations for Cybertruck Gigafactory. Will be central USA.
With an epic sound system &amp; woofers the size of a car
Definitely
And Rammstein
Haha true
Yes, for now
Ok fine, that was good haha
Tesla should have a mega rave cave under the Berlin Gigafatory
Lucent Dossier in &amp; I think I saw in but didnt realize who it was until later
Busted
Was good maybe or years ago when you could wonder around &amp; find great unknown bands
Too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
Coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
Ben &amp; Jerrys cookie dough is also next-level. Cant have that in the house. Its too good!
Choc milk is even better than people remember. Its incredible.
Congratulations Tesla team on making our th car!!
Market was bit high anyway, so due for a correction
Static fire &amp; short flights with SN3, longer flights with SN4, but spooling up the whole Starship/Raptor production line is really what matters
SN2 (with thrust puck) passed cryo pressure &amp; engine thrust load tests late last night
He studied the blade
Memes are powerful
Ships with a lot of people &amp; limited medical facilities are a serious issue
Yeah, thats a great one
Fatality rate also greatly overstated. Because there are so few test kits, those who die with respiratory symptoms are tested for C19, but those with minor symptoms are usually not. Prevalence of coronaviruses &amp; other colds in general population is very high!
Virality of C19 is overstated due to conflating diagnosis date with contraction date &amp; over-extrapolating exponential growth, which is never what happens in reality. Keep extrapolating &amp; virus will exceed mass of known universe!
Thanks for taking us through this today. Hopefully, such horrors will never again be repeated in reality.
Yeah
Accurate
Envelope expanded
Recent missed landing (at sea) was due to incorrect wind data. If this (land) landing fails, it will most likely be for a different reason.
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
Final Dragon Version mission tonight
The coronavirus panic is dumb
Raising art to new heights
Also, when tech is new, catalog engineering isnt possible, as there is no catalog. Has to be first principles.
Were making progress. Improved rules are going through the EU standards committees. Hopefully better in a few months.
Cool, were tracking to release more FSD features later this month
True. Oddly, those who complained didnt actually order FSD. Perhaps they werent aware that the computer is upgraded for free if the FSD option is ordered even after delivery.
Mad respect for the makers of things
Bernies tax rate is % too high!
No matter what, we need to pressurize the production system. Rocket design is relatively easy, making one is hard, making many is extremely hard. Manufacturing is underrated.
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay
They have the best coin
Dogs rock
bro
Track mode V2 is pretty cool. Maybe too complicated to use though? Lmk thoughts for improvement.
This is vital
Just want say that I support as Twitter CEO. He has a good .
Definitely
Were stripping SN2 to bare minimum to test the thrust puck to dome weld under pressure, first with water, then at cryo. Hopefully, ready to test in a few days.
Theres a puck at the base that takes the engine thrust load. Dont shuck the puck!
Wheres Flextape when you need it!?
Its fine, well just buff it out
So how was your night?
Yes, dramatically improved imo
We need to finish work on Autopilot core foundation code &amp; D labelling, then functionality will happen quickly. Not long now.
I just sent a note to Twitter to clarify that posting SpaceX videos is fine by us and we paid for rights to Bowie song for the Falcon Heavy launch
The competitor should be a drone fighter plane thats remote controlled by a human, but with its maneuvers augmented by autonomy. The F-35 would have no chance against it.
Its not that big really
Testing Raptor in vertical configuration (on the giant tripod) should allow us to simplify some aspects of the engine design
Its not mine
Definitely! Whats in that sky city thing!? Needs a prequel even more than a sequel.
Sure
Posting SpaceX videos is definitely not copyright infringement!
Hopefully, in March. Checking
I had no idea this existed. Sounds awesome though!
Full disclosure, Im actually a year old vampire. Its such a trial assuming all these false identities over the centuries!
We had the wrong settings! To make the welds super flat &amp; strong, were building a heavy duty, custom planisher, but just having the right settings is a major improvement.
Yes
on SN2
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
Starship SN1 tank preparing for Raptor attachment &amp; static fire
some are good tho
And thats why cones were invented
Tinny
Rococo is alive &amp; living in our hearts
Woody
I did
Battle Angel Starship
Teslas in a tunnel. Happening in Vegas rn.
obv
On a wall in Austin
BGII was amazing
Getting there was super hard. Very proud of Tesla team!
Model achieves mile actual range vs EPA sticker in Consumer Reports testing
Yes, will also show real-time changes to max acceleration, braking, cornering, speed on gradient &amp; range, latter factoring in route elevation changes &amp; cargo or tow mass &amp; drag impact
Its slightly better
Definitely worth trying imo
Btw, in some prior tweets Id said production Cybertruck would be ~80 wide (vs ~84 body width at unveil). This is slightly too small. Will be closer to , but come standard with upper laser blade lights.
Active ride height &amp; active damping are game-changing for a truck or any car with a high max/min weight ratio
Science has gone too far
F9 iteration slowed down as payloads became too important to risk. Little change is expected going forward with F9/FH or Dragon. Starship production &amp; thus iterative improvement will be much faster than Falcon. Driving hard for fully reusable orbital flight this year!
Its mostly to balance the ship during entry. After delivering satellites, the front is light &amp; back is heavy due to engines &amp; landing legs.
Sorry, meant to say LOX header tank in tip of nose. CH4 main tank is above LOX main.
LOX
These problems are fundamentally intertwined. Building many rockets allows for successive approximation. Progress in any given technology is simply of iterations * progress between iterations.
Hardest problem by far is building the production system of something this big. nd hardest is achieving full &amp; rapid reuse with payload to orbit of ~2%.
Probably
Attach wheels to the landing legs &amp; tow Starship to the launch pad
I rate it two Bugblatter Beasts of Traal up!
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks &amp; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done!
The whole nose tip has to have heat shielding for atmospheric entry at Mach + anyway, so is effectively already insulated well in orbit
There will be a common area in the forward section with a big window like this. It will be a lot heavier than steel, but not dangerous. Consider astronauts on the moon with a very thin windowed helmet. They were fine.
Header tanks are only ~2% of main tank volume, so not a big deal. Pressurized volume is still ~1000 cubic meters.
O2 header tank is tip of nosecone, CH4 header is in the main CH4 tank
In the order that they were written
Worth reading Asimovs Foundation
SN + will have better fit &amp; weld quality. Later serial numbers will use bigger stampings, so much less weld length.
The Persuader hammer will fix SN1
Rocket nosecone production in Texas
Yes
Glad youre all ok!
Tim Curry ftw
makeup
Unfortunately, I must agree that these are reasonable concerns
True, that was pretty impressive
My conversations with Gates have been underwhelming tbh
Both
All orgs developing advanced AI should be regulated, including Tesla
I have no control &amp; only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high.
OpenAI should be more open imo
Initially, yes, but then will make sense to localize closer to customers. Pretty much same plan as vehicles.
Looking forward to international expansion later this year
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. Apply at
Direct links arent needed to offer service. Starlink will initially bounce signals off ground/ocean relays to get from to .
albedo will drop significantly on almost every successive launch
Haha
Sorry, probably going to be a lot of rocket pics from
X will also improve by a similar amount
Depends on when car was built, as there are many small hardware improvements, so most will be somewhere in between &amp;
Regulations require calling it something else, so we added +
Theres a tough performance vs range tradeoff. Plaid has absurd performance, while holding range roughly constant.
Software just thinks the car is less efficient than it actually is
Many small hardware improvements throughout the car that have been introduced gradually over past several months
Maybe possible with improved wheels/tires (which would be available to all previously made cars)
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
Tesla Model S estimated EPA range is now above miles or ~630 km
Run a physics sim long enough &amp; youll get intelligence
Thanks to all who caught the error
a=F/m is the most fun
Editing error. Meant to say t/(2E). Interesting that monochrome is roughly a millionth of a percent.
Frame rate t2/E
The resolution of reality
Reminded me of The Lady of Shalott by Waterhouse
Haha
unNERVing
The joints will have shielding, but its hard to ensure a good seal. Transpiration cooling (or simply higher pressure cold gas flow) would purge the area behind the hot gas seal.
Might be used around flap joints
Will take action
Only the heart senses beauty
Shielding is only needed for orbital speeds
be still my beating heart
Unfortunately, Starship unlikely to survive LEO entry intact without shielding on windward side, but none required on leeward. Even windward shielding is very light.
Whoop whoop!!
Thanks Mom!!!
This does seem high
And some vitamin k too
Ok u can have a little emerald
This is incorrect. No air suspension planned for /Y. Only S/X &amp; Cybertruck have/will have air suspension.
sthetics
The degree to which SolarGlass will positively effect the esthetics &amp; energy sustainability of neighborhoods throughout the world is not yet well appreciated. This is a very important product.
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass &amp; several other products. Will also offer customer &amp; media tours.
Should preface this saying that feedback from early Tesla Solar roof owners has been v positive. Its stunning vs a regular roof in person imo. Photos dont do it justice.
Its integrated roof &amp; solar, so should be light enough for almost any home
Coming hopefully later this year
I think will still be better than a normal roof, but adding a heating grid to automatically remove ice &amp; snow sounds like a good option. We have that already on car windows!
No problem. Snow and ice tend to slide off the Tesla SolarGlass due to lower surface roughness, so accumulates less than a normal roof. Even so, its very strong and can be walked on without breaking the glass tiles.
Sounds should note that it gets less shiny automatically due to dust &amp; weathering. This pic is brand new.
Ok
Sounds like we should open a Tesla Center there!
Please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of Tesla SolarGlass roof! Critical feedback is much appreciated.
Probably months or so. is certainly fine for orbit, but SpaceX X will be better.
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks
Yes, but we want to focus on textured black first, then move into Earth tones &amp; convolutions
Your comment above: Who in their right mind would buy an ICE after knowing its residual value will be zilch? Legacy auto: go EV or go BUST! is super important for car buyers. Residual values for gas/diesel cars will plummet in coming years.
Haha
Foundation by Asimov
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
Europe &amp; China timing will be announced soon
Many Bay Area installations are ongoing now
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by SolarGlass engineering, Giga NY factory &amp; Tesla installation teams!
Order at
First two domes in frame are for SN2, third is SN1 thrust dome
Back in Boca
Including hypothesizing that this statement is wrong haha
True
Its lame
Ok
My Mom wrote a book
feeling cute, might delete later
Once upon a time, we were all just hydrogen in a vacuum
Impressive, if uncurated. There arent many errors. Would be interesting to see how GPT would perform with same objective.
cropping
Haha true
Youre welcome! Was a fun recruiting event. Great to see all the excitement about helping build Starships.
Unmodified water tower machines do not work well for orbital rockets, as mass efficiency is critical for the latter, but not the former. Hopper, for example, was made of mm steel vs mm for SN1 orbital design. Optimized skins will be &lt;2mm in places across a mm diameter.
No, theyre SN1. SN2 to follow shortly. Aiming to be a little better each time.
Yes, were tuning weld parameters to reduce puckering &amp; building a heavy duty planisher to flatten &amp; cold work the weld area
That said, although substantial capital &amp; engineering is required to achieve extreme precision, marginal production cost of the primary structure should actually be *less* than a water tower, because its built inside a factory in volume.
This isnt quite correct. An orbital rocket needs precision thats X to X better than a water tower, so super precise parts, fixtures &amp; welding are needed. Suborbital is much more forgiving.
SpaceX started with a mariachi band party. Great vibes here in Boca Chica, Texas!
True
Late night tweets sigh
We saw them a lot launching from Kwajalein in the early days of SpaceX
New emoji! Last one comes with free phone hack.
Great shot
Anything that doesnt result in a smudgy image on lens cover glass. If you get a two part hydrophobic coating, probably better just to use first part.
It begins
The Nutcracker is tho
Haha
What if there was an AI programmed to want to pick as many strawberries as possible, and so it cultivated nothing but strawberries on all of Earths land? Then it would be Strawberry Fields Forever!
Nice
Fine, but that was an easy one
New fins
Rococo basilisk
REALiTi made while u wait
Making progress
All things in moderation, especially etymology
Essentially all quotes can be ascribed to Churchill
No matter how many times u get hangry, you always think ur anger is real Plato
Guess hes not left-handed
Tiny robots with lasers
Starlink will be great for any sparsely populated areas with expensive or little to no connectivity!
Putting that on my LinkedIn for sure
th hottest song on Soundcloud!!
Please send your resume to BuildStarship.com if youre coming to the Starship career day in Boca Chica tomorrow
Starship Concerto in Zero G
Yes
Yes
Giga Texas?
Uh oh
Have you tried a hydrophobic spray?
This is mainly for staffing up production shifts for /7 operations, but engineers, supervisors &amp; support personnel are certainly needed too. A super hardcore work ethic, talent for building things, common sense &amp; trustworthiness are required, the rest we can train.
Starship career day at the Stargate building (Boca Chica Blvd, TX) this Thursday from pm to pm!
Going max hardcore on design/production Starship here in Boca. Its awesome! Feels a bit like a Mars simulator.
Definitely!
Yes
First, we need to make it super safe &amp; easy to use, then determine greatest utility vs risk. From initially working to volume production &amp; implantation is a long road. As with vehicle safety, it will be much harder to pass our internal standards than minimum regulatory standards.
Ok sure Btw, we recruit great engineers from almost anywhere in the world, so this shouldnt be thought of as USA only. Also, work location can be Bay Area (preferred), but Austin (many of our chip designers are there) or potentially any Tesla Gigafactory.
Intuitively, that should be straightforward to address, but there could be complexities Im unaware of
True, it has general applications beyond fast, high precision micro-electrode insertion that automatically avoids the vasculature
It will ultimately be used to make up for entire lost sections of the brain due to stroke/accident/congenital. Dont want to get too excited, but the potential is truly transformational for restoring brain &amp; motor functions. There is no other way to do it imo.
Wait until you see the next version vs what was presented last year. Its *awesome*.
Probably this summer
Yeah, it looks like a medieval torture device, but is nonetheless currently used in many human studies! Not hard to be way better.
PyTorch is the most frequently used external tool set/library
Our NN is initially in Python for rapid iteration, then converted to C++/C/raw metal driver code for speed (important!). Also, tons of C++/C engineers needed for vehicle control &amp; entire rest of car. Educational background is irrelevant, but all must pass hardcore coding test.
The profound impact of high bandwidth, high precision neural interfaces is underappreciated. Neuralink may have this in a human as soon as this year. Just needs to be unequivocally better than Utah Array, which is already in some humans &amp; has severe drawbacks.
Sorry!
A PhD is definitely not required. All that matters is a deep understanding of AI &amp; ability to implement NNs in a way that is actually useful (latter point is whats truly hard). Dont care if you even graduated high school.
Not needed, but will be very useful on Mars due to light speed latency
Tesla will hold a super fun AI party/hackathon at my house with the Tesla AI/autopilot team in about four weeks. Invitations going out soon.
We are (obviously) also looking for world-class chip designers to join our team, based in both Palo Alto &amp; Austin
Dojo, our training supercomputer, will be able to process vast amounts of video training data &amp; efficiently run hypersparce arrays with a vast number of parameters, plenty of memory &amp; ultra-high bandwidth between cores. More on this later.
Our custom TOPS in-vehicle inference computer, where almost every TOP is useable &amp; optimized for NN, far exceeds anything else in volume production, giving you the hardware you need to run sophisticated nets
Tesla will soon have over a million connected vehicles worldwide with sensors &amp; compute needed for full self-driving, which is orders of magnitude more than everyone else combined, giving you the best possible dataset to work with
At Tesla, using AI to solve self-driving isnt just icing on the cake, it the cake - Join AI at Tesla! It reports directly to me &amp; we meet/email/text almost every day. My actions, not just words, show how critically I view (benign) AI.
Unfortunately, this is true. It doesnt matter how skilled you are if youre trapped in a giant bureaucracy.
Desperate times call for desperate measures
Only years from first controlled, powered flight to landing on the moon. Now, half a century later, we are still unable to return. This must change.
Haha true
The safest place to hide a dead body is the second page of Google search results!
Trolls/bots just need to be deemphasized relative to probable real people who arent being paid to push an agenda or scam. Google still shows bs/scam pages, theyre just several clicks away.
This was a huge problem for search engines until Google applied the citation relevance principle aka PageRank, among many other things
Report as soon as you see it. Troll/bot networks on Twitter are a *dire* problem for adversely affecting public discourse &amp; ripping people off. Just dropping their prominence as a function of probable gaming of the system would be a big improvement.
The crypto scam level on Twitter is reaching new levels. This is not cool.
Yes
We should make buildings out of high-strength steel, not concrete (which needs steel in it anyway)
Nice
Dont Doubt ur Vibe now on Spotify
I appreciate the kind words!
Those old ladies are wise
Meant to say other forms of the cold, not influenza
There is considerable conflation of diagnosis &amp; contraction of corona. Actual virality is much lower than it would seem. I think this will turn out to be comparable to other forms of influenza. World War Z it is not.
I become Tiesto at night
Vibbbe
I wrote the lyrics &amp; performed the vocals!!
Be cause its you
Dont Doubt ur Vibe
this song is hard
Hope youre enjoying the simulation
Be cause its true
Releasing soon on Emo G Records!
Exactly. Mars propellant production will combine atmospheric CO2 &amp; water (ice) to make CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Will do same on Earth long-term. Short-term, each Falcon flight uses roughly same fuel mass as a flight. Falcon is ~71% oxygen &amp; Starship is ~78%, so mostly not fuel.
This number wont leave me alone!
Just wrote a song called Dont doubt yer vibe
we r sml
Ok, not so bad
Who is hating on ISRU &amp; why? Doesnt make sense.
A friend just sent me this excerpt from a Tesla blog I wrote years ago
Tonnage delivered to orbit, normalized to LEO, would be interesting to see
If all goes well, Falcon will achieve triple digits this year
Ice
bar
Liquid nitrogen cryogenic strength test underway
Matter is extremely fluffy!
Chairs are underappreciated
The stars in Starships mirrored hull reflected
Already being done
Parent material strength roughly doubles, so weld strength is the only real question mark
First two domes of SN1 are almost complete
Yes
Starship m test tank made bar at room temp! Small leak at a weld doubler. Will be repaired &amp; retested at cryo.
The good old days!
Were working on it
Too niche
Nice
Meme necromancy
Going with nomenclature of Giga [most widely understood location name] vs Giga , so Giga Shanghai, Giga Nevada, Giga New York &amp; Giga Berlin
For sure. Giga Berlin will build sustainable energy vehicles using sustainable energy, so net environmental impact will be extremely positive!
Yes
Yes
Exactly!
Giga Berlin / GF4 will absolutely be designed with sustainability and the environment in mind
Sounds like we need to clear up a few things! Tesla wont use this much net water on a daily basis. Its possibly a rare peak usage case, but not an everyday event. Also, this is not a natural forest it was planted for use as cardboard &amp; only a small part will be used for GF4.
V3 Supercharger deployment will accelerate considerably this year
Yeah, system should adapt to most likely destination &amp; anticipate school, then work, if thats owner preference
Definitely
Ok
We should have a base on the moon, a city on Mars
I love that Heart of Gold is moved by Infinite Improbability
We should strive to extend the light of consciousness into the cosmos
Star Peace
Were working on it
Agreed, v important
Blazing Saddles
Working on it
Its on the list
Want to play The Witcher game on your Tesla? (you can already watch the show on Tesla Netflix theater)
Explains the sad lack of progress in candy research!
Yeah, doors are ft wide
Yeah, we just finished two more propellant domes. SpaceX team &amp; supporting suppliers are doing amazing work ramping Starship production.
Nice shot
Improved Accommodations
Yay!
Would like to take a moment to thank Michael &amp; Zeev for helping Tesla. It was very hard work &amp; both couldve just rested on their laurels. Much appreciated .
Walk this way
Great talking with !
Michael Marks, then Zeev Drori, but I helped out as co-CEO as they didnt have much automotive domain expertise
Dragon trunk from in-flight abort test is in surprisingly good shape!
Exactly
Thanks on behalf of the team! Thank you also for the support has provided over the years, without which this would not have happened.
Haha
Dragon high altitude, supersonic abort test is a risky mission, as its pushing the envelope in so many ways
mins from liftoff
Yes
Meteor!!
Yes
Best place to view is from the beach. Excitement guaranteed!
Dragon Spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or Sunday, depending on weather
What should we change?
Munros analysis of Tesla engineering is accurate, both pro &amp; con. I think he will appreciate some elements of the Model Y body design.
Even more important for a a reusable rocket, as cost of propellant actually becomes relevant &amp; anything below T/W of is wasted fuel &amp; oxygen
Hehehe
Helping to pay for this is why Im accumulating assets on Earth.
Loading the Mars fleet into Earth orbit, then ships depart over ~30 days every months. Battlestar Galactica
Aiming for to years, like aircraft
Yes. There will be a lot of jobs on Mars!
Needs to be such that anyone can go if they want, with loans available for those who dont have money
Yeah. A lot of work is needed for propellant production on Mars.
Yes
Thats the goal
Building Starships/year gets to in years or megatons/year or maybe around k people per Earth-Mars orbital sync
Starship design goal is flights/day avg rate, so ~1000 flights/year at &gt;100 tons/flight, so every ships yield megaton per year to orbit
Megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
Thats about right
Reaction to Cyberpunk slipping release date to September
Whats amazing is how non-linear the effect of gravity is. Starship can travel by itself from surface of Mars to surface of Earth, but requires massive booster on Earth with orbital refilling to get to Mars, which is ~38% of Earth gravity.
Densification isnt needed to return the ship &amp; limited cargo from Mars, but its an option for increasing cargo return capability if needed
Fundamental issue with SLS is that its not reusable, which means that a billion dollar rocket is blown up every launch! tragedy.
Densifying hydrogen is difficult, as its liquid temp is close to absolute zero. Much easier with CH4, which is an underappreciated advantage. Cooling O2 is good too, but becomes operationally difficult at N2 liquid temp, as air is ~78% N2. Entire system wants to drip air!
Sorry, migh have brought the site down
Starship orbital vehicle SN1, liquid oxygen header tank &amp; nosecone
Just saw this today. Tesla refunds in general should be easy to get electronically &amp; certainly through customer service. Will he addressed.
Very true. Whats really mindblowing is how much energy the sun outputs &amp; how little of it is absorbed by Earth. There is sooo much solar energy. We can solar power all of human civilization with a tiny % of Earths surface, which is a super tiny % of energy emitted by the sun.
Advancing humanitys understanding of the Universe is a fundamental motivator for SpaceX! Starship can put giant in orbit &amp; on moon. With an occluder, could image in other star systems.
One persons MRI machine is anothers railgun! Made a primitive one when I was studying physics at Penn. Hard to wield though.
Exactly. Weve had good discussions with leading astronomers. One way or another, well make sure Starlink doesnt inhibit new discoveries or change the character of the night sky.
Great song
T-shirt is bulletproof &amp; makes u buff!
Thanks for mentioning! We shouldve done this ages ago.
Good analysis, although a bit conservative imo. However, using a high upper bound for land area thats *still* a tiny % of the US prob helps convert some naysayers. That giant fusion reactor in the sky called the sun outputs a truly staggering amount of energy!
They will
We need more emojis!!
And, of course, your car will be able to in their general direction
For sure!! This will make for some epic robber confusion
Teslas will soon talk to people if you want. This is real.
Should be able to post video of Raptor on Tripod soon
Ok, tho could be gnarly
Destroyed in Dragon fire
We tried to design a way to save B1046, but not possible
Critical test launch before flying astronauts is green for Jan
Soon
Hard gothic
Haha
We are trapped in a prison of fonts
Yes
Every tank under pressure is a balloon tank its just question of degree. Starship tanks are not balloon tanks like Atlas in sense that they dont collapse when depressurized on the ground.
Everything is compressible, but liquid compression at these pressures is not significant. However, the tanks do expand under pressure, creating a bit more volume. Keeping propellant super cold has a big effect on density of ~10% in case of CH4.
A given tank pressure is needed to feed the engine turbopumps &amp; pressure-stabilize/relieve compression load on the cylinder walls
Dome to barrel weld made it to bar, which is pretty good as ~6 bar is needed for orbital flight. With more precise parts &amp; better welding conditions, we should reach ~8.5 bar, which is the factor of safety needed for crewed flight.
Great idea
Toss a coin to ur Witcher
Phony
Haha true
True
The sun is green (peak photon frequency)
Bitcoin is *not* my safe word
x is y
Sure
I put the art in fart
Haha spectrum af
King of the Goblins, Master of the Labyrinth
Tesla China Team Such amazing progress!!
I havent cross-checked RCS pulses with the MLI dimpling on the video, but its most likely the cause
Nice
Since theres only one main engine, which gives pitch and yaw control, roll control is provided by the nitrogen attitude control thrusters
Looks like a thin, flat, round UFO on a stick. Starlink Terminal has motors to self-adjust optimal angle to view sky. Instructions are simply: - Plug in socket - Point at sky These instructions work in either order. No training required.
Just tryin to grow my follower count on pornhub
DKE^DKE
Sprockets was amazing
At Tesla Giga Shanghai NSFW!!
At least
cgi irl
Bossart was boss art!
Haha this rocks!
The Nirvana baby is about a year away from turning
Ok
Fair piece by Stoll
Ok
Wikigenius
Zip2
People talk about the products they *love*, that touch their heart &amp; bring moments of joy
Wow, I built my first server room with parts from Frys. Ending of an era.
Congratulations Tesla &amp; SpaceX on great ! You rock!! Looking forward to epic
No one suspected his disguise
Carlos Gone
Its a bit slow
Its not ready yet
Explains
Thanks all Tesla club members for helping out! Looking forward to seeing you there tomorrow.
Rest in peace Syd Mead. Your art will endure.
C tbh
Many ways to solve this problem, but the power requirements are much higher than aircraft control surfaces. When moving giant body flaps rapidly, achieving high power is much harder than high torque.
Building prototypes is relatively easy, volume production is hard
Headed to Tesla Fremont factory tomorrow to help with vehicle deliveries
Biting off more than I can chew. Because Im an optimistic fool.
Hard to believe its almost time to retire Cargo Dragon after a decade of solid service
Exactly
Will talk about that on Q4 call
Yeah, engineering is ~90% of my time at SpaceX &amp; about ~60% at Tesla
Barrel on dome
Took me an embarrassingly long time to learn that
Sounds about right
Beyond awesome. He was the real deal.
Seems so long ago
Yes
Also, I hate deeply nested classes in C++. Had to be said.
The less code, the better! point for adding a line of code, but points for deleting a line. Bloatware is the devil.
Direct drive using several Tesla Plaid motors in parallel for SN1. Simpler, lighter &amp; more fault tolerant. Rear flaps each need ~1.5 megawatts. Its like moving the entire wing of an aircraft!
Tesla merch def needs some love, but too many fish to fry rn
Coming
Tesla uses that to wirebond cells to module current collectors. Is there a commercially available machine that can weld ~4mm full hard stainless barrels &amp; domes?
Were focusing on Boca right now for Starship &amp; Cape is focused on Falcon/Dragon
Spin start from COPVs so the ox &amp; fuel turbines spool up super fast in unison. A precise start with full flow staged combustion is very important.
Moving to an enclosed (fairly) clean room environment for SN2 in Jan, although, unlike aluminum, stainless steel welding is not super sensitive. Our main issue here in Boca is that it can get very windy, which affects weld arc &amp; steel melt pool.
No, will be autogenous from the start, tapping hot CH4 &amp; O2 from Raptor
Yeah
Best would probably be an autogenous laser weld, but we need more precise parts &amp; fixtures. Hopefully get that done in .
Almost everything is different. These parts are stamped vs manually bump-formed &amp; TIP TIG welded vs flux core. Higher precision, stronger joints &amp; % mass reduction.
We use that process for the Raptor nozzle jacket. The knuckles of this dome are stamped in Michigan with a ton car body press, which costs much less for same outcome.
Almost three now. Boca team is crushing it! Starship has giant dome
Haha true
muffin or not-muffin
Crew Dragon is capable of propulsive landing, but would require extensive testing to prove safety. Better to focus on Starship.
New technology development schedules tend to exhibit a version of Zenos Paradox at any given point, youre halfway there
Crew Dragon should be physically ready &amp; at the Cape in Feb, but completing all safety reviews will probably take a few more months
Simulation of first crewed flight of Falcon / Dragon
years later, the simulation is mostly real
Amazing work by Tesla China team!!
Tesla app based payment will soon be rolled out WW. Its tough making functionality work across so many regulatory domains.
Is purchasing through the Tesla app not working?
I def believe in the ethical treatment of animals &amp; taking action of climate, but these are mostly separate moral issues
Nice
Renewable energy production (solar, wind, geothermal), improving home insulation &amp; electric transport will do the trick. Vegan/vegetarian helps a little, but isnt critical. We should take the set of actions that maximize total public happiness!
Ok
I support people choosing whatever diet makes them happy, but its true that everyone going vegan still wouldnt stop climate change. Moving billions of tons of hydrocarbons from deep underground into the atmosphere &amp; oceans is fundamentally the issue.
Dam now rly want choc chip muffin
Slight tweak to the glass needed &amp; then it should be good to go
What is the platonic ideal of the perfect candy? Really feels like candy R&amp hasnt improved in ages. Damn candy oligarchs!! [shakes fist at sky]
Yeah, Boring Bricks are def coming, but whole team is focused on getting Vegas Convention Center tunnel operational so people can try it out, suggest improvements, etc. I crowdsourcing ideas with people who really care about making great products!
Certainly worth trying! The objective reality for large cities worldwide is that efforts to solve traffic have not worked well. If we dont try *something* new, we will be in traffic hell forever.
Absolutely. Multi-level tunnels can go under buildings, mountains, rivers or anything else &amp; directly connect destinations, like aircraft do in the sky. We just need more of them.
Pretty much
Sure. Trax will get much better &amp; more fun. This is an alpha version.
No, I said we should build more tunnels. Put trains in them or cars or whatever, but every large city on Earth is plagued by traffic &amp; its getting worse. Multi-level tunnels might solve this, so worth trying. If you have a better suggestion, please tell us what it is.
That might have something to do with it. Stalin: Court of the Red Tsar was one of the few books so dark I had to stop reading. If only theyd listened to Lenins last wish, much tragedy may have been averted.
For sure, but I understand the pulse of Twitter pretty well. A sudden avalanche of very similar vitriolic comments from anon accounts usually means someone activated a troll/bot net.
Thousands of anon/troll/bot accounts suddenly on the attack. Interesting.
you too sis
Sorry about this. We will do our best. The Tesla production &amp; delivery teams have been working super hard.
Literally. It was at th &amp; Baltimore in Philadelphia before gentrification.
Ramones &amp; Bach
I hope someone has pics! My Mom came to visit one weekend &amp; was quite surprised by it all, but helped work coat check &amp; guarded the cash with a kitchen knife
To pay rent, we turned our house into a nightclub &amp; charged a $5 entry fee. Looked cool at night, but insane by day blacklights, luminescent spray paint &amp; metal junk sculptures.
you too
Sounds like a Marxist with style
Exactly
Induced demand is one of the most irrational theories Ive ever heard. Correlation is not causation. If the transport system exceeds public travel needs, there will be very little traffic. I support anything that improves traffic, as this negatively affects almost everyone.
This is a pretty awful lie. I left South Africa by myself when I was with just a backpack &amp; suitcase of books. Worked on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan &amp; a lumber mill in Vancouver. Went to Queens Univ with scholarship &amp; debt, then same to UPenn/Wharton &amp; Stanford.
This person blocked me, so cant read the tweet. Whats their deal?
We started Zip2 with ~$2k from me plus my overclocked home-built PC, ~$5k from my bro &amp; ~$8k from Greg Kouri (such a good guy he is greatly missed). My Dad provided % of a ~$200k angel funding round much later, but by then risk was reduced &amp; round wouldve happened anyway.
He didnt own an emerald mine &amp; I worked my way through college, ending up ~$100k in student debt. I couldnt even afford a nd PC at Zip2, so programmed at night &amp; website only worked during day. Where is this bs coming from?
Pretty much
Federal
Probably . Depends on regulatory approvals.
Hopefully working in Caribbean by end of . Def by .
Maximizing conversion of mass to aimed photons (pure momentum) is actually the highest possible efficiency, which is why an antimatter drive is probably the best way to get to other star systems with known physics. For close stars, a laser sail is good too.
Yes, but its too secret
Hopefully fully operational in
Boring Co is completing its first commercial tunnel in Vegas, going from Convention Center to Strip, then will work on other projects
No, hes still much faster
These would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only no toxic fumes is the key. Really, just an underground road, but limited to EVs (from all auto companies). This is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
Done by dawn
That would be a fringe benefit
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
Flight is hopefully to months away
Were now building flight design of Starship SN1, but each SN will have at least minor improvements, at least through SN20 or so of Starship V1.0.
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives
Please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
Ok
Activating engine two
It is an honor &amp; a privilege to work with so many great engineers
The overarching goal of Tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
Its not that these things cant be done, they just absorb a lot of software engineering time, which has great opportunity cost. There are very few excellent software engineers &amp; merely increasing team size results in awful bloatware.
Future feature
Turn on auto navigate feature &amp; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
Possible, but one step at a time. Anything we release to the fleet has big implications these days. For example, if someones on data roaming &amp; video is enabled, they will get a giant cell phone bill. Operating in + countries results in many corner cases!
Seeing B pillar (diagonal fwd) &amp; side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. We can enable access to these views. Also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
Were building out Superchargers as fast as possible! Need to ramp V3 Supercharger production.
Phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. Live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
Most people still dont know its there
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
If you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal Superchargers along the way. Is it not doing this correctly?
Merry Christmas Hope youre enjoying latest software update!
Yer welcome son
Car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. If nothing in calendar, should do work in morning &amp; home in evening. Future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
That is odd. Try pressing both scroll wheel buttons to reboot. Have forwarded this to service.
No
Coming soon
They should double down on insanity of Cats. Right move.
Black Mirror
Parasite
True
Needs improvement
Yes
He was awesome. I squared R heating is why room temp superconductors arent needed to carry power long distances efficiently. Just jack up voltage.
stock art
Whoa the stock is so high lol
Big communication penalty for remote work, which means the gain in talent that wont move has to be very high
Truth
Wow, accurate analysis!
Good point
Ok
Dont wanna brag but was me
Henry Cavill +1
Also fake Soundcloud rapper
Write games
Yes
Regarding .X to hardware update, that should happen in earnest in Q1. Software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
Pretty much, although if there was a way to spend money to solve software problems sooner, Id love it. The real constraint is finding great software engineers.
Ok sure
Sorry for the delay on V2.X! We just couldnt get it all done in time.
Unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
Sorry, its been a bit of a struggle. Software team has been working all weekend to resolve last minute issues. Hopefully starts rolling out tonight.
My wiki is a war zone with a zillion edits. At least its obviously not curated! Some day, I should probably write what *my* fictionalized version of reality is
Yes
Started Zip2 with ~$2k &amp; ~$100k of student debt, rolled proceeds into X/PayPal, rolled proceeds again into SpaceX/Tesla, but these are all companies where I played fundamental founding role. Not right to ask others to put in money if I dont put in mine.
If Tesla &amp; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Just looked at my wiki for st time in years. Its insane! Btw, can someone please delete investor. I do basically zero investing.
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
Another milestone
Sending you healing vibes
Thats certainly our impression, but its an old version of Tesla software, so effect is limited
In-house
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time &amp; stop a terrible calamity the premiere of Cats!
For sure
Great show
Holiday gift ideas
Were working on moving more cars to Florida. End of year delivery is intense! Very proud of Tesla team for all their hard work.
Ok
Yes
Ok
Its been years
I try so hard with these jokes!
Starfleet begins
For sure!
Orbit is hard. Best wishes for landing &amp; swift recovery to next mission.
Does it like the smiths?
Needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon &amp; a few other things
You dont hear much about element
No, as thats OG Mobileye hardware
Cinnamon toast crunch
This is quite a thorny hardware problem, as there are many diff versions of mcu &amp; autopilot computer &amp; supporting hardware. Cars last so much longer than phones! Hopefully able to upgrade mcu1 &amp; ap2.0 in a few months.
This mode will show pic of moth &amp; play the smiths
Lmpe
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never)
Yes, just costs a few thousand dollars &amp; is more complex than a board swap. Bunch of connectors &amp; antennas need to change. We can improve the speed a little with software optimization, which might be enough.
I think we can improve that with a little software optimization
This is a great meme
MCU (infotainment computer) upgrade not recommended imo. Isnt needed for full self-driving &amp; cost is ~$2k for limited entertainment improvements.
Never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
Yes, probably &amp; partially
Some good ideas here!
Telemetry indicates soft touchdown on the water, so fairing might still be reusable
Sigh
Possibly Excession, but Id recommend reading Player of Games &amp; Surface Detail first. Theyre all great.
Yes
Raptor is making great progress! Just finished an engineering review with SpaceX Propulsion. Engine SN is about to ship to McGregor with some holiday style
Age of Napoleon is excellent
This is how we will view fossil fuel cars
Crossing S-curves standard for tech transitions
Nice to meet you
Baby Yoda
We are literally a brain in a vat. The vat is your skull. Everything you think is real is an electrical signal. Feels so real though.
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics.
Blame Minecraft
smol puppy math
Plausible
Meant to say is render speed. Frame rate is locked.
There are type of people: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont. And those who werent expecting a ternary joke.
Your DLC is $$$$
Way too many paywalls &amp; spawn points
Seriously, the NPC dialog tree should have more options
Just Read the Instructions
Of course
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing &amp; the tutorial is way too long
Sure
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Math jokes have a small audience
Kids these days have no respect!
Thats the one!
It really does
They smashed the window to steal the radio, which was worth maybe $20. Got a replacement from junkyard. Btw, great deals available from junkyards! Its pretty fun fixing/upgrading cars.
Yeah, i that I bought in for $1400. I hotrodded it by jamming in a speed transmission from a later model I found in a Philly junkyard when the speed transmission failed.
Couldnt afford to pay for repairs, so I fixed almost everything on that car from parts in the junkyard. Ironically, thats me replacing broken side window glass. The circle is complete lol.
Maybe on Starship? Its def got the payload capacity
Just wish Russ Mitchell would improve the *quality* of his fiction. Is this too much to ask!?
Yeah, its one of my favorite T-shirts!
Well aim to have it come out same time as truck. Two seater electric ATV designed to work with Cybertruck will be fun! Electric dirt bikes would be cool too. We wont do road bikes, as too dangerous. I was hit by a truck &amp; almost died on one when I was .
Your Twitter comments are great btw!
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. Its better because of you!
This may sound crazy, but asking real people what theyd like in a product is a great way to meet their needs
There will be no loss of either
That will require a full redesign, but probably ~73 inches or ~185 cm width
True, more for parking at destination. Really needs to fit in same external envelope as a full-size SUV, but with better height control with air suspension, so it can fit in low clearance parking garages.
We can prob reduce width by an inch &amp; maybe reduce length by + inches without losing on utility or esthetics. Min height is below inches when air suspension set to low. Will post exact number soon.
Speed solves everything
Hes def wrong. Solar power is a Gigawatt per square km! All you need is a by mile patch in a deserted corner of Arizona, Texas or Utah (or anywhere) to more than power the entire USA. This analysis goes through calcs
Super strong roof that generates clean energy, looks great &amp; costs less than a normal roof plus solar panels!
Huge admiration &amp; respect for the Tesla China team. Their talent &amp; drive is amazing!
For sure
If we create a city on Mars, Earth-Mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to tomorrow
Yes
After a while, hydrogen became sentient
Bravo, right thing to do! Short selling should be illegal.
People often think theyre breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O &amp; a dash of neon &amp; krypton (etc.)
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
Still cant believe how hard it was to get !
We sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us &amp; then he said yes
Tesla was almost called Faraday, as original holder of Tesla Motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
Its artificial
Do you like our owl?
Overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. Matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges &amp; guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
Laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
Thats why Cybertruck has active suspension height &amp; damping control
Safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng &amp; active by Autopilot. Design in automotive refers to look &amp; feel.
They are dead to me
Its a generational thing
With extreme effort, Cybertruck might hit a drag coefficient, which would be insane for a truck. Requires tweaking many small details.
Touch
Just because he has a flamethrower and I have a flamethrower doesnt mean um ok fine Im Hank Scorpio
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving!
The finest in apocalypse protection technology! Flamethrower optional.
Def not dainty
Yes, Cybertruck will have steel balls
k
Wed be happy to help
Sure, will aim to do this next week
Agreed, this will be exciting to see!
Electric motors also have insane torque. If we load both trucks to the max, electric still wins. Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation.
Bring it on
Cybertruck is inspired by games like Halo. Warthog irl!!
k
Yup. Sledgehammer impact on door cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didnt bounce off. Should have done steel ball on window, *then* sledgehammer the door. Next time
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill
Higher hardness, higher strength &amp; doesnt cost crazy money for ~3mm skins
In general, this is something Tesla should do
We should def make it good to hang out there
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
Good question. Its a new variant of series stainless steel, but it also gets cold-worked many times, depending on kilotonnage of press.
Can be wrapped in any color!
The body panels will actually be laser cut!
Long term, it probably makes sense to build a smaller Cybertruck too
Interesting idea
True
Really? Ok sure.
Hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
Haha true! New manufacturing methods are certainly needed, but then Im confident it will actually cost less, because of its simplicity &amp; lower part count.
Study the Blade!!
Were creating this alloy at Tesla. Not a problem to create a lot of it, but well need to come up with new body manufacturing methods, as it cant be made using standard methods.
Starship steel decision came first. We were going to use titanium skins for Cybertruck, but cold-rolled X stainless is much stronger.
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you cant stamp ultra-hard X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Excellent review by Marques!
k
Yes
Haha v true
With no advertising &amp; no paid endorsement
k Cybertruck orders so far, with % choosing dual, % tri &amp; % single motor
Great analysis
That would be cool
Gonna have some sick attachments
Armored Personnel Carrier (APC)
Riding in the Cybertruck
Sure
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha.
Syd Mead
We threw same steel ball at same window several times right before event &amp; didnt even scratch the glass!
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche . Order Cybertruck online at
Yes
Will be an option to add solar power that generates miles per day, possibly more. Would love this to be self-powered. Adding fold out solar wings would generate to miles per day. Avg miles per day in US is .
Tesla person electric ATV will come at first as an option for Cybertruck
See ya in
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck
Yup
Haha
High time we had a Tesla coil!
Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me
Coming soon! Were working to complete the full Supercharger route from London to Shanghai.
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Of course
Fun party guaranteed!
Long journey
Tonight
Absolutely, but to move to Mk3 design. This had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
Maybe wont need a key at all
So many reporters gave Chanos airtime when he called Tesla a worthless fraud. Now that he has been proven wrong, silence
Gravitas is overrated
That would be cool
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
% of people want to gentrify Mordor
The China space industry is very impressive
Cephalopods have a strange intelligence
It certainly does
True
Not sure. Maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
Even Toyota, who made the Prius. That is sad.
Guess I was obsessed with space from an early age. Fair point.
Id be way too embarrassed to put that on a Tesla. Its like a kids drawing.
Congratulations on the Mach E! Sustainable/electric cars are the future!! Excited to see this announcement from Ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
Exactly! Well said.
Surprisingly common
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night
Innovation comes in many ways
Meaning not fair that Boeing gets so much more for the same thing
This doesnt seem right
True
Semi-infinite
Seems likely. = hipsters.
Right now, trajectory of neuro-silicon symbiosis doesnt appear to intersect trajectory of AGI. Goal of Neuralink is to raise this probability above %.
We fought the Balrog last year
Gentrify Mordor?
It was Tacheles
Memes are modern art
F8 irony
There will be many opportunities for both new &amp; experienced people!
fomo yolo
Yeah, makes sense
Congrats to Tesla team on Model winning best midsize car in Germany!
Will build batteries, powertrains &amp; vehicles, starting with Model Y
GIGA BERLIN
Congratulations!
Starlink vertical on the pad
Yes
Haha
Exactly
Without a fully &amp; rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
Bad logic is always ugly
Same goes for digital super intelligence denial
MPGe!
Yes
Deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. Other variants will have throttle.
SpaceX engine production is gearing up to build about a Raptor a day by next year, so up to engines per year. Most will be the (as high as) ton thrust (but no throttle &amp; no gimbal) variant for Super Heavy. Cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as tons/year.
Raptor is evolving rapidly. Probably wouldnt consider it to be even V1.0 until roughly engine , although probably engines + can be retrofitted for orbital flight, especially on Super Heavy, which is less sensitive to engine variation. It just needs crazy up force!
Pretty much
Exactly! Its also a far more exciting &amp; inspiring future if consciousness is out there among the stars, than forever confined to Earth until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that may be (hopefully, very far).
No, in the beginning, assuming you even make it there alive, Mars will be far more dangerous &amp; difficult than Earth &amp; take decades of hard labor to make self-sufficient. Thats the sales pitch. Want to go?
So it will take about years to transfer a million tons to Mars Base Alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
As the planets align only once every two years
A thousand ships will be needed to create a sustainable Mars city
No problem. We could program Starship to perform Swan Lake in the sky. Minimizing landing burn propellant mass is whats hard.
Current global payload to orbit capacity is about tons per year, of which Falcon is about half
If we build as many Starships as Falcons, so ~100 vehicles &amp; each does tons to orbit, thats a capacity of million tons of payload to orbit per year
Payload to orbit per year of Starship fleet is most mind-blowing metric, as its designed to fly X per day, which is ~1000X per year
The economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on Mars
Gas/diesel cars too
True
Extremism is so fun! ()
Of course!
Yes
The date is strangely familiar
Cybertruck unveil on Nov in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
Looking into it
Yes
The audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the AF
Naturally
This is based on an incorrect Electrek article. The Air Force asked me to speak at a startup conference called Pitch Day &amp; I happened to mention Cybertruck. They dont buy APCs. Its the Air Force.
Fair point. Coming soon. Were making foundational upgrades to the core Tesla corporate OS. FA right after that.
Connected, autonomous cars require great software. Advanced factories also require great software. The car industry is not very good at software.
More to come
Yes
Would be odd to expect anything else
That said, most Starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on Earth
Wow, seems like eons ago! With fairing recovery, Falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days &amp; requires boats. Starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours &amp; ship reflight every hours. No boats needed.
Great poem
Great work by SpaceX Dragon team &amp; Airborne! To be clear, weve only done multi-parachute test of Mk3 design, so more left to reach successful tests in a row.
Putting Model S in range mode is the opposite of launch mode, as it minimizes performance in favor of range. Show should be called Low Gear!
Tesla Solarglass vs Happy Halloween!!
Sorry, Drag Times is correct, Top Gear is wrong
Drag Race Times analysis is correct. Also, theres a software upgrade for Model S coming out that increases peak power by HP, so Model S should beat Porsche Taycan Turbo S by a wider margin in to &amp; /4 mile races.
Walking on a Tesla Solarglass roof is definitely no problem!
Thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar!
Congrats! Shopify is great btw. Nice work.
The fires are all too real
Haha true
snacks
Hard to say with high accuracy, but to weeks is my best guess
Soon, SpaceX will launch astronauts to !
Thats significantly improved in current production
True, my name literally means tree
If you have autonav enabled, car will automatically navigate either to address in calendar, to work if youre home &amp; to home if at work. Not sure if thats in wide release yet, but def in early access. Its an awesome feature.
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at .
I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.
For Treebeard
Ok, sounds legit, will donate M trees
Sounds cool. Where are the trees being planted &amp; what kind of trees?
Making a roof out of kindling in a fire risk zone is not recommended
Were changing this from storm watch to disaster watch to cover fires, earthquakes, etc
Very true. Glass doesnt burn &amp; melting point is extremely high, so much more resilient than asphalt or wood roofs.
I hate advertising
Unfortunately, its hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads &amp; SEO. Go to to add solar to an existing roof &amp; for a new roof with integrated solar.
We dont make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
If youre directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
So true. Imagine if phones were gasoline powered. Total sales would be like units worldwide! Using oil/gas &amp; being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.
Id recommend regular solar panels for flat roofs
Extremely high
Will do what we can for anyplace affected by natural disasters
US clean energy incentive drops by % on Jan , so orders must be received by roughly Nov to be installed in time
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for /7 clean energy &amp; no blackouts at
Sure
Took my son to play piano for the seniors home in Pasadena. It was lovely to see them smile
Thanks to everyone at Tesla who worked so hard over the years to make our Fremont factory successful!
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation
Physics facts
Yes, you can walk on the Tesla Solarglass roof. In stilettos, if you want
Jerome is great! Tesla team in general is the strongest its ever been.
Yes, wight destruction guaranteed or your money back!
Tesla Solarglass roof
Will start at ~2:15. Sorry for slight delay.
Haha true
Srsly
Transparent aluminum is a real thing!
That would be cool. Surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Gwynne rocks! Starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
Strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. Less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of Earth.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
California time
This product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
Will do an open call Q&amp;A
Major FUD incoming for sure haha
I have V1, but will switch to V3
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at pm
Sure
But actually
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution &amp; support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
Tesla Q3 results: - Shanghai Giga ahead of schedule - Model Y ahead of schedule - Solar installs +48% from Q2 - GAAP profitable - Positive free cash flow
The big rear wing is only on for one day for rear downforce calibration. Isnt needed to set ring record &amp; wont be in the production car.
Internal camera isnt used yet (meant for robotaxi), but thats a good idea
Please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
Coming soon
Whoa, it worked!!
Sending this tweet through space via Starlink satellite
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow
More carrot, less stick
Very likely that a home with clean power thats lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
PG&amp;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next years!
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for /7 clean power &amp; no blackouts!
Going offline for a few days
Both at the same time!
More about dealing with failure modes &amp; roll control
Need to deal with thrust asymmetry from flameout of an engine without forcing shutdown of opposing pair engine, which would double thrust loss. Also, thrust differential doesnt solve roll control well.
Common myth, but incorrect
And so begins the robocalypse
Tesla wins best headlights award
The final configuration used at Nrburgring to set the record will go into production around summer , so this is not merely for the track
Anyone whos interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing designing &amp; building the machine that makes the machine please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. Were gonna take this to a whole new level!
Tesla team has done an incredible job with Giga Shanghai. Honored to work with them. Im in awe.
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. Its insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you
Tesla is first American car company to achieve sustained volume production in past ~100 years. Hardest, most painful thing Ive ever been through, including getting Falcon to orbit.
Prototypes are easy, but achieving volume production of a new technology is insanely hard
And the lead character is also named Woody
Yeah, gimbal SL engines at min throttle for control, so most of impulse goes through vac engines
Conservation of energy tells you the answer
Looking forward to Kerbal !
We def could be wrong about this, but its actually good to fix high efficiency vacuum engines with giant nozzles in place &amp; only thrust vector engines with smaller nozzles. Dont need a lot of room &amp; moment of inertia is much lower.
Also, were keeping area ratio low enough to fire Raptor Vac at sea level without flow separation, so thats leaving a lot on the table
Couple months, but V1.0 of Raptor Vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. Isp maybe to sec.
Max thrust version of Raptor should achieve true T/W &gt; . Target is ton engine with &gt;260 t-F. Max Isp version should achieve ~380 sec, but T/W probably &lt;120 due to big nozzle. These are just guesses for now.
Oberth effect is not well appreciated. Value of high thrust low in gravity well is not captured in simple delta-v equation. One of the reasons we favor CH4 over H2.
This is true. All that matters is number used in v equation. Propellant residuals are incredibly important, often overwhelming engine mass.
Big challenge for Starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. Probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. Same goes for hydrogen &amp; oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
Were working on a simple initial version of Autopark. Will be safe, but sometimes park in silly places that arent actual parking spaces.
Yeah, great team!
To be precise, r is distance from center of masses of two objects. Center of mass of Earth is ~6400km, so gravity change is small at Space Station altitude, which is ~6800km from center of Earth.
Exactly. And you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
Most people arent aware that orbit (and zero gravity) is all about horizontal speed, not altitude. A spacecraft needs to travel about times the speed of sound to stay in space.
Yeah, will be Raptor vertical test stand. Hopefully allows simplification of Raptor design, as pump shaft wear &amp; drainage is better in vertical config. Also, more representive of flight. Test as you fly
Software
Yes
Will start rendering traffic cones in the display soon
Venus would be very difficult
True
Yes, we will
It is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at Tesla. Takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when &amp; how fast to move the wipers.
Deep Rain neural net coming soon. Were not trademarking any other Autopilot neural nets, just this one, because rain is deep.
Yep, good catch
hot pot
Cybertruck doesnt look like anything Ive seen bouncing around the Internet. Its closer to an armored personnel carrier from the future.
Those rumors are false
Coming v soon
Haha
Ms. Chief &amp; Ms. Tree
lol
Space Jam shouldve won the Oscar
Recommended for sure. Both movies are incredible.
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Underappreciated , will watch!
Is Space Jam good?
So it goes
Sure looks that way
Nice
Solar
Depends on total system efficiency &amp; how long the propellant plant can run to refill Starship, so to MW as a rough guess
Whoa, that does look good!
Fair point. Will hold on EU price change until Tesla gets clarity from regulators about Smart Summon feature release date.
French fries are the devil
., are you aware that one of your senior journalists (Russ Mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
Super messed up situation!
Several finesse improvements coming to Smart Summon in coming weeks. Will be smooth as silk.
Should be much better at this point
Price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
Yes, but probably a year or two away. Lot of fish to fry
Tesla cannot continue to lose money. To achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, Tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
When the car is FSD without supervision, ie robotaxi, youll be able to earn far more than monthly lease/loan cost by allowing others to use it. Managing a small fleet of robotaxis will be a career for many &amp; much better than driving a single car.
Putting panels on east or west facing roofs works well too. Energy loss is fairly minor. Just north facing thats problematic above ~30 deg latitude.
Working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. Will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more FSD features being released.
Still working with RDW, the car regulatory authority in Netherlands. Unclear why theres a delay. Other countries are supportive.
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for /7 clean power &amp; no more blackouts!
Will be throughout Canada
Its something special
Fundamental metric of good of Tesla is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a sustainable energy future
True
I Asterix &amp; Obelix!
Exactly
Ok
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is /7 clean power with no blackouts.
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
Sooo annoying!!
Were changing Powerwall Storm Watch to Disaster Watch. Covers more bases.
Yes
No change
Important for Moonbase Alpha!
Working on it
Even Gary likes it!
Its really quite fun!
But we call it caraoke, because its in a
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke
Yes
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Next update
siq burn, Gary, siq burn
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
Yes
Door hinge
the color orange is named after the fruit
Will remove
Thanks for mentioning. Should be enabled on all loaner cars.
Yeah
Not easily, as requires wire harness changes
Im in the credits
Worth reading Human Compatible by Stuart Russell (hes great!) about future AI risks &amp; solutions
All hardware is at the Cape. Need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. Launch probably late Nov / early Dec.
We had to reallocate some resources to speed this up &amp; received great support from Airborne, our parachute supplier. I was at their Irvine factory with the SpaceX team on Sat and Sun. Were focusing on the advanced Mk3 chute, which provides highest safety factor for astronauts.
For what its worth, the SpaceX schedule, which Ive just reviewed in depth, shows Falcon &amp; Dragon at the Cape &amp; all testing done in ~10 weeks
Culture Class is really something
I hope so
Were doomed!
Hh
Haha true
Done
Trouble!
And thats just the tip of the iceberg
Agreed
Good ones
Agreed, fair point
Any feature requests?
Given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value
&amp; sounds too (also, of course)
Will consider
Sure
Customized horn &amp; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
Haha
We will understand the next question
True
To understand the nature of consciousness
Its true
Exactly
Great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
Excited about launching asteroid defense mission!
Lets go boyz!
Sorry it took so long!
Wow, cool! Summon will get steadily smoother until its like an expert chauffeur who knows you well.
Welded steel
Probably Starlink &amp; some fun things
Rosetta by Vangelis is incredible
Not sure, will ask regulators
Enhanced should get it too
Aiming for this weekend!
Hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
Not yet
First point release update expected to go out this weekend
Over Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
Thanks, Tesla team is the strongest its ever been &amp; doing an amazing job! Honored to work beside them.
If km works, then orbit
Great summary of the key points!
Thats about right, except no sensors. Tile itself is the sensor as it will partially ablate where too hot &amp; have to be replaced.
Its all the secondary structure that concerns me, not engines &amp; primary airframe
Raptor cost is tracking to well under $1M for V1.0. Goal is &lt;$250k for V2.0 is a ton thrust-optimized engine, ie &lt;$1000/ton
Stop sending me this
Agreed &amp; such a heartwarming photo
I have that exact thought every time I get the flu
Clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
Lot of ways to melt &amp; join steel. Mostly just needs to be welded consistently &amp; with precise parts.
Thankfully not. FSW is very difficult to get right &amp; not needed with steel.
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
Bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
Haha yes
In solving for a good Mars climate, we will learn a great deal about how to do so on Earth. It is the inverse problem.
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear.
Cool video!
Probably our most viral feature ever. Most of the Autopilot team has been working on this, led by Ashok, CJ, Andrej &amp; many others.
Good question
Rage, rage against the dying of the light
Were going to use the pedestrian pink noise speaker to talk to people &amp; create customized horn sounds. I beg your pardon, but would you be so kind as to allow me to proceed? Said in the voice of Mr. Darcy.
Special light pattern (but not hazards, as theyre too shrill) seems right
Makes sense
Precisely
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Starship halves being joined
Summon is improving rapidly
Just SX500 so far, but we use many superalloys developed by others, eg Inco +. If anyone has ++, that would be helpful haha. Massive engineering work in the casting, printing &amp; machining of Raptor far more than in design of the engine itself!
Theres so much power going through this engine that its close to the limit of the known physics of materials in many places
Yes
Well, hopefully closer to bar over time. However, that the chamber/nozzle jacket has so many joints &amp; dissimilar metals at such high pressure &amp; temperature is what I find remarkable about it.
No, weve been focusing on production (now on SN12). Only need bar or even a bit less for Starship/Super Heavy. Anything above is nice to have &amp; well get around to it, but not needed for flight.
Probably around or pm
What blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber &amp; nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over bar or ~12,000 psi
Figure of speech
Meanwhile, back in reality
Media report was false
Raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
Three Raptors on a Starship
Always
Wow, its been years since we started at Boca!
About a week. Will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
We look for rare corner case issues with a limited release US build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. So, soon, but hard to say exactly.
Gary, you rock!
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option &amp; advanced download selected in vehicle software settings
More like
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If theyre evolving rapidly, somethings up.
If advanced AI (beyond basic bots) hasnt been applied to manipulate social media, it wont be long before it is
Exactly
That would be a nice touch
This is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
Haha awesome
We could probably do that
m
Not sure we could go quite that tight, but we can for sure allow much narrower spaces at users discretion
With rare exceptions, composites would make Starship heavier. They dont stand up well to high temperatures, but steel does great.
Mk1 ship is around tons dry &amp; tons wet, but aiming for by Mk4 or Mk5. Total stack mass with max payload is tons.
Absolutely
Youre welcome! Feature requests always appreciated.
Six. Two windward, one under each fin &amp; two leeward. Provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
On the transporter
Lifting lower section of Starship
Exactly
Impressive work by Chad &amp; Steve!
Almost entirely C++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side Java app for viewing maps &amp; (weirdly) a D hockey game in VRML
Turbo Pascal
Mostly C/C++, Python &amp; SQL
It would be pretty embarrassing to use a non-Tesla battery!
This includes original engineering of new factory processes &amp; cars. Great engineers will only join if original engineering is supported, not just localization.
Tesla is building a major engineering team in China, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory &amp; car
For sure more than one pass coming back to Earth. To Mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
Could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling &amp; quite robust
Better just to ride your max temp all the way down &amp; let T^4 be your friend. Lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
Exactly. For reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. For ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. Therefore reusable like Starship wants lift during high Mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
It does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
Many powerful electric motors &amp; batteries. Force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. More about this on the th.
Thats correct. Essentially controlled falling, like a skydiver.
Herbert Diess is doing more than any big carmaker to go electric. The good of the world should come first. For what its worth, he has my support.
Just sent a note to check
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free
Between the trees and the forest floor, its like a giant mural, continued the veritable High Priest of the Harvest Season, adding that he would soon have to rake his driveway, an activity for which he will most certainly don a cashmere scarf.
Hoping to open in Slovakia, Croatia, Serbia &amp; most of Eastern Europe early next year. Finally, we will do Nikola Tesla proud by having his cars in his countries of origin!
OG Roadster is def helping us out here with M miles by itself
Ahem well um
Classified as a URO, unidentified road object (from Area )
SpaceX Foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for Raptor, incl our superalloy, SX500
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins &amp; header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed.
Raceway &amp; flap hinge aero covers
Just leaving SpaceX Starship build site in Boca
Super Heavy rocket will be much like Falcon , but the Ship is a strange combination of Dragon, F9 &amp; a skydiver.
Approximately correct. We also fire the ACS thrusters to rotate the vehicle &amp; ignite Raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
For aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. Flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass &amp; pressure.
Current analysis, which Im not fully bought into, suggests that rear fins with separate airframe-mounted legs will be lighter, so this is the plan for Mk1/Mk2
Stability is controlled by (very) rapid movement of rear &amp; fwd fins during entry &amp; landing, as well as ACS thrusters. The smaller leeward fin would simply be used as a leg.
Stability is not an issue with
Nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. Placed up there to balance high mass of Raptors &amp; rear fins at the bottom.
Yes. Theres a huge amount of hardware in the tip of the faring that being integrated on the ground, which is why we havent closed it out.
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas
Thanks!
Either way, sustainable energy wins!!
srsly
Its my glasses
Sure. Have to do it on Mars from beginning. Will ultimately do that on Earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
Next quarter
Will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
Yes
Great work by SpaceX parachute engineering! The Crew Dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. The Apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
A year old who has better reasoning &amp; more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
Thats what life was like back in
You have been warned
No, its one integrated release
Fixing several minor bugs &amp; a regression in highway driving, so probably early to mid next week
Much better chess engine coming
Well said
Very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. People will remember this day. Respect.
Electric is the future! Congratulations Daimler!!
Nice compression
And of course, this one, but thats obv
e^ + =
For some reason, I always loved this formula
Whoa cool
Smart Summon will work on all v2.0+ hardware in wide release
L'Ambroisie, Place des Vosges
Nice
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
Je ne regrette Etienne
Lane offset should be much better in V10.0
Yes
Told you AI was dangerous!!
In other news
Busted
A little, but this is mostly a design update for those interested
Haha
Apollo
Landing leg frame
Yes
Glad youre ok!
You never know
Exactly
Actually, Model would beat the Taycan on Nrburgring over multiple laps, as it has more range
No, but very close
Rear facing, but roomier. Great for family gatherings! I did a road trip across America with my five boys &amp; Talulah in the seat Model S several years ago.
Absolutely
New Roadster and X will come later
No, original forward facing seats plus rear-facing smaller seats. The new rear seats will accommodate larger passengers than before.
Its a start. We expect these track times to be beaten by the actual production seat Model S Plaid variant that goes into production around Oct/Nov next year.
Thanks, I will stop by on the th!
Theyre available through the app, but we need to make them easier to find
Area of Area
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine
Absolutely
Feeling Lucky (Google tribute!) or Hungry are % intended for max enjoyment of Tesla owner. If location has destination chargers, thats a plus, but car should only route there if location is great. This will be hit &amp; miss initially, but should hone towards excellent over time.
Great conversation-starter!
Damn
I want this T-shirt!
Service center expansion is at max speed, so yes
Sure, Im planning on meeting community supporters around the presentation on the th. Thanks!
Maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. Will check.
Starship Team
Thats what we believe is highly likely
I visiting Boca Chica, Brownsville &amp; Texas in general! Thanks for all your support!!
Getting close
Yes, coming soon
Oh that would be fun. Will see.
Joe Mode is the best mode
Thanks Tesla owners. You rock!!
Wise words from Gary the Bot
However, we wont customize the contract or engage in negotiations. That just causes the Tesla &amp; customer legal bill to be high &amp; drag things out. Pay for clean power, not lawyers! It makes way more sense.
Good analysis. You can order commercial solar in literally secs if you use Apple Pay at .
Exactly! Weve only one car factory in California &amp; one Gigafactory (for batteries &amp; drive units) in Nevada. Giga Shanghai will do cars, batteries &amp; drive units for the greater China area. Over time, regional Gigafactories will lower costs &amp; improve logistics worldwide.
Should note that these product mix &amp; logistics errors also results in regional *undersupply*, eg UK &amp; Ireland right now, but we dont raise the prices even so. The intent, at any given moment in time, is: heads we lose, tails buyers win.
Thats not to say that Tesla people somewhere in the world are being overzealous &amp; possibly overstepping our core principles, which is why Im looking into it
At end of quarter, there is always some error in product mix allocation between the roughly global regions, due to planning mistakes &amp; logistics problems (Earth is a big place). Small changes in prices are needed to correct local supply/demand imbalances.
The fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally &amp; should never be a function of bargaining. This is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
Agreed
Going to early access (including all who bought FSD) Tesla owners in US next week. If US early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. Might be some delays in EU for regulatory approval.
There arent really meant to be Tesla incentives, just general price changes to reflect optimal value of product, as we sometimes get prices of some variants wrong or need to (partially) address shifts in tax incentives. Overarching principle, however, is same deal for all.
Looking into this. A fundamental premise of Tesla is that everyone is offered same terms at same time, ie what you get should never be a function of bargaining.
Hopefully, next year
Personally, I think the universe looks great for billion years, let alone
Sagan was awesome
They used to have butt bellows for blowing smoke up your along the Thames River in London
Haha exactly!
Yes
Yes, thats exactly what I meant, Gary the Bot!
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at !
At least they had great cigars
Ahem
A Speedraptor is a Velociraptor with no sense of direction (thats how you can them apart)
This is technically a Speedraptor
Autopilot active crash prevention keeps getting better, as we examine every crash for improvement &amp; then upload smarter software. Ironically, I hope were never on the list!
v^2/r is fun haha
Makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
The downward spiral
Good point
To carry people
Model S at Nrburgring has seats
All great! Mel Brooks
Spaceballs
Flux capacitor option package
Yes
Soon
Yes. To be clear, Plaid powertrain is about a year away from production &amp; applies to S,X &amp; Roadster, but not or Y. Will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
No
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
A Flock of Bricks
Next year
Cuphead
Of course
Polytopia
This could be good
But we probably wont try for best lap time this week, as we need to review &amp; tune Model S thoroughly for safety on Nrburgring, especially Flugplatz section
Model S is already there
Model S just set record for fastest door ever at Laguna Seca, video tmrw
DMT FTW
Getting ready for flight of orbit-class Starship design
Aargh!!
No, but that was an epic piece at a time when the word was being overrun by demented versions of an otherwise delightful jam container. It was like World War Z, but mason jars
Id love to
obv
For sure!
sland
Will be answered on th
Exactly
Looks good
The mechanical attachment mechanism. We need to make sure they wont fall off due to vibration &amp; acoustics.
The hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. Marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
Failure rate is actually both higher &amp; lower than that, as the Falcon design has changed almost completely several times. Currently flying version has no failures (may fate continue to be merciful), but older versions therefore have a higher failure rate.
Precisely
Distance from fireball is *a*t^2, so if t is small, you havent moved far even if a is high. At ~6g thrust, youll only travel ~0.03m in ms. Pressure wave (aka explosion) with liquid rockets is low, as ox &amp; fuel are poorly mixed. If you can fly out of it, youre prob ok.
You know destination weather before departure &amp; theres no weather in space
Everything happens so fast. Its such a different paradigm that applying aircraft concepts to rockets is almost like applying shipping concepts to aircraft. Travels km in mins.
Not currently planning for pad abort with early Starships, but maybe we should. Vac engines would be dual bell &amp; fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
Raptor turbines can spin up extremely fast. We take it easy on the test stand, but thats not indicative of capability.
Over time, &amp; are possible, but very difficult
Most likely
Photoshop is amazing
Sea level Raptors vacuum Isp is ~350 sec, but ~380 sec with larger vacuum-optimized nozzle
For sure
Actually true
Ceres, Callisto, Ganymede &amp; Titan
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
Deep lore
Hoping to open in Romania soon!
Definitely
Probability that were in base Polytopia is highly unlikely - KWM
Wow cool
Why arent more people talking about this!?
Sounds about right
Its not
Over time, it will be % sustainable
Hadouken!!
Offer me money, offer me power
Also
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Definitely for Space Force. We need to make Starfleet real.
Very exciting to see Indias rapid progress in space! There are always setbacks, of course, but I think India is doing great overall.
Yes
Thanks for offering! Sure, that would be great.
We might be in one right now
No, probably V10.1
Merging code branches &amp; one more QA-level release this week. Hopefully, EAP wide release week after.
Looking good. Smart summon is almost great. Drive-in theater mode, caraoke &amp; Cuphead are awesome.
For sure on first crewed missions for exactly that reason
Wanted to build an electric car company in college. Was going to do PhD at Stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the Internet.
years ago
November most likely
Were almost there
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering
But Taycan does seem like a good car. Nrburgring track time is great.
Sounds sweaty
A Neuralink could increase this by several orders of magnitude
Uh no
Legs, but this render isnt accurate
In some of those, Im even funny
Model S on Nrburgring next week
Also, cars are called automobiles
Jalopnik not sharpest tool in shed
Um , this word Turbo does not mean what you think it does
Looking into it
Yes, and it irony
Still too buggy to be in wide EAP. Requires more testing. Hopefully, going to wide EAP next week.
Its up to &amp; as to whether they go with EU rules or rest of world. Not our choice.
Same, except where limited by EU regulations. Were aware of extreme consumer unhappiness about this &amp; are working with EU regulators to address.
In close traffic, poisonous gas spewing from the car in front of you goes straight into your AC intake. Good thing gas/diesel carmakers didnt cheat on their emissions or wed be in real trouble
Nice
Gasoline is designed to burn
Anywhere insurance prices are high
Yeah, several. Smart Summon most significant.
Both and buttons in V10.0
Yup
Yes
Definitely
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated.
Opening on /9
Slowpoke! Didnt even finish his hypothesis
Haha actually true
So good!
Exactly
Coming soon. Version at latest.
Yes
Iceland for sure!
Very soon, sorry for the delay
Aiming for km flight in Oct &amp; orbit attempt shortly thereafter. Starship update will be on Sept th, anniversary of SpaceX reaching orbit. Starship Mk will be fully assembled by that time.
Probably to months. Were about to ship Raptor SN .
Probably m for next gen system
Would love to, but import duties are extremely high, even for electric vehicles
Should be. Will fix.
Also, u can order online at in mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep &amp; return for full refund
Cant believe its been years since our first vertical landing!
Core body diameter is m/30ft
R2D2s Dad
Empty article?
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars
Congrats SpaceX team!!
About to do next Starhopper flight test
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon &amp; depart for the .
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal
Interesting
Not that I know of
Yes, rather embarrassing tbh
Impressively accurate analysis!
Hopefully next year
Appears to be a wiring/connector issue
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. Better long-term, but more finicky in development.
About mins from flight attempt
Starhopper flight currently tracking to pm Texas time for m / ~500ft hover test
Finally, VR thats cool *and* sexy!
Oh behave u naughty planet
Its quite robust
Where are additional Superchargers most needed?
Worlds first very large scale battery has worked out well
Yes, last flight for Hopper. If all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for Raptor.
Exactly! Especially let your PUC commissioners/authorities know.
Agreed, thats the right future
Looks like Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Were working closely with EU regulators &amp; hope to clarify the timeline soon
Ok
Should be soon
If youre a utility or public utilities commission, please consider using the Tesla Megapack. Better for the environment &amp; usually lower cost than fossil fuel peaker plants!
Yes, probably within next to months
Tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
The Nude Scientist
Looks like a wheel of cheese
Ok
We need to complete internal QA testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about weeks
Wow
Everyone who bought FSD will receive priority/early access
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version with smart summon is in wide release, which is about to weeks away, depending on how early access goes
Not risky imo &amp; can be adjusted/improved real-time. Essentially need to figure out most effective way to convert mass to energy, as Mars is slightly too far from this solar systems fusion reactor (the sun).
True, diverting a comet would be super hard. Could be done with small asteroids &amp; a mass driver, but this is risky.
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Will probably make sense to do this when Starship Mk has Raptors, moving body fins &amp; landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid September
Will be converted to Raptor vertical test stand
Trickier than it may seem on Mars, as atmospheric density is % that of Earth &amp; gravity is %, but doable for localized warming
Might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites to warm Mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
AF certification required an enormous amount of work. Its mostly design-review based, not flight-based.
Yeah, would be great to get feedback from Tesla supporters
Initially Model , later Y
Looking forward to seeing Giga Shanghai soon Amazing work by Tesla China team &amp; support of authorities much appreciated!
Not yet
This is a great idea
Um I ate most of it
Cookie decorating contest with kids
Converts about million tons of mass to energy every second
Great name! Wouldnt worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually &amp; we currently have no defense.
Dont know yet, but its important that the whole world transition to sustainable energy, so well make costs as low as possible
One click to order solar &amp; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Next year
With the new lower Tesla pricing, its like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. Still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think
Which means a small corner of Texas (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earths surface
In a few years
Yeah, legs are hydraulic pistons &amp; abdomen is the accumulator
Generates a *lot* of energy
It is quite silly
Meaning less than a century. But this would be pretty intense.
Aspirationally, decades
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
Yes
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but its a step in the right direction
Yeah, the trick is opening &amp; closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
Stop hashtagging me
Perhaps that one was too edgy
Hashtags are an abomination
No, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for Boring Co tunnels reinforcement imo
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time
Simulations all the way down
Trust me, it will be
Hey babe, fancy a hot date ?
Its not boring
Of course!
T-shirt soon
Guess I sort of am already
Id play that game
Nuke Mars!
This isnt correct. Will address.
Good conversation with head of FAA Space. Need a bit more hazard analysis &amp; should be clear to fly soon.
Am talking to in a few hours
Stacking fairing &amp; tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines &amp; landing gear
That was my actual password at one point!
Stop posting my password on twitter!
Coming
Tesla audio engineers come from B&amp &amp; many other companies. They literally rq. Our system is highly programmable, so we keep improving it via OTA codec updates.
Well take care of it
Corporate Surrealism
Not yet
fyi
heh heh
True
No but srsly dont do it
Roughly
Ok
Possibly two weeks
Try playing Powerglide in your Tesla at volume
Working on upgrades to Sentry
No plans to introduce air suspension on Model at this time
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system
Obviously needed
He would our first openly goth president. I think this is very important.
I support Yang
When Opportunity knocks
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Because our universe is actually a microverse in a miniverse. We probably just power someones brake lights.
Will be needed for sure. Bandwidth, no problem, latency is a challenge
Just spoke with FAA, so hopefully yes
Thanks. Starship, which aspires to be fully &amp; immediately reusable in super heavy class, is a truly . Even though Im immersed in Starship/Raptor design &amp; build days/week, it still doesnt feel real.
Approx min payload to Mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100B
Powerwall doesnt need solar panels, but will work fine with both Tesla &amp; non-Tesla solar panels
Yes
Between $100B and $10T
Amazing work over many years by SpaceX engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
For sure
Yup
Might take a bit longer to get through regulatory approvals. Likely September.
Gas cars are so last-century!
Priority / early access will be automatic for all owners with FSD
Were accelerating opening up configurator/order page for more countries. Sorry, lot on our plate!
Probably every to months, depending on how much progress we make
Video is amazing with the Tesla sound system. Will include Caraoke!
FSD owners will get priority in the upload queue
Thanks for reminding me. Will rectify.
Tons of fun!
Tesla software V10 is lookin real good! Releasing to early access list soon
Pot kettle
Dont know enough about Georges company, but it sounds like hes focused on a machine vision approach, which is the only general solution imo
Yeah, George is a little nuts, but I like him &amp; he often has interesting things to say
No sooner than a week. Working approvals with FAA.
Wouldnt read too much into this. Likely to be fewer F9/FH flights, but possibly an order of magnitude more than these numbers in Starship flights.
Thanks George!
Were working with EU regulators to improve rules. Spirit of rules is correct, but exact language doesnt quite align with spirit. Navigate on Autopilot working well in rest of world.
But actual road data is what matters most
Ultimately, however, what really matters is empirical safety. Nothing in life is % safe, so optimal figure of merit is how many millions of miles/km per accident.
Good question. NHTSA is great for fundamental structural safety, except for unbelted front passenger occupant factor. Very rare these days for front passenger to be unbelted. NCAP also great, but there are some weird headlight angle factors. Super inside baseball stuff
Well said!
Ok
Strangers in the Night
Sure
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res)
And really knows cars!
Rocket fairing falls from space &amp; is caught by Ms Tree boat
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins
Race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing &amp; each would count as a win
Details coming at Starship update
Not in current plans, but that may change
No
Vandenberg is great for polar orbits. Will still play an important role long-term, but %+ will be eastward.
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon &amp; Mars!
So much drama &amp; good times too! Maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of &amp; &amp; .
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of m dome rotation &amp; Starship airframe behind windbreak.
Lyft/Uber/taxi drivers are expert Tesla advocates. Thanks for your support!!
Yes
Progress is accelerating
Queen
Teletub
Workin on it. One of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
am guity
Its all about branding
The best guide by far!
Will Dojo to be the difference
That is a great guide
philosophically
His name is Eric, of course
Its about time I suppose
Mad skillz
Yes
A US
Fred Astaire &amp; Ginger Rogers
True
I Top Hat
It finally almost doesnt suck
all u can
Oh my, what a dashingly handsome hat you have!
The lost art of entomological haberdashery &amp; millinery
I dare say that could use a nice
Yes, detailed review of the first orbital Starship, explaining the pros &amp; cons of each design decision
We are tiny
Very convincing! Ok, Boca it is. We should have Starship Mk1 with Raptors almost ready to fly by then.
I wouldve been bankrupt too. Unlikely investors would have funded a second attempt.
Relief
Ok, will discuss with team
Sure
Also, you can request any service from the Tesla phone app in under a minute
August th, either at Cape Canaveral or Boca Chica
That was our last chance to reach orbit. If it had failed, SpaceX would have died.
Yes
Will also be launching The Boring Company China on this trip
Good idea
Youre most welcome!
Fates loves irony
For other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. Also, gives a sense of demand. Current rules in India prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
Not sure. Will check with my team.
Im told import duties are extremely high (up to %), even for electric cars. This would make our cars unaffordable.
Orbital refilling is vital to humanitys future in space. More likely spacecraft to spacecraft (as aircraft do aerial refueling), than a dedicated depot, at least at first.
Fixing
Depot haha
Mailing Dragon dock with Space Station is much harder than docking with our own ship for refilling. Not a problem.
Never thought wed make it this far
Ancient times
Spooling up production line rapidly. Hoping to manufacture ~1000 solar roofs/week by end of this year.
Tesla Megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage
Thanks Jason! Super proud to work with such great teams at SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Boring!!
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Falcon piercing the sound barrier on reentry
Thanks for letting me know
You can
Vehicle alert seen show up automatically &amp; enable single touch request for service for that item either from the car screen or mobile app
System automatically selects between mobile service &amp; service center appointment. Say prefer mobile in comments to bias. We will add a check box for mobile preferred.
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
Were working on it. Agreed, Minecraft is high priority. Roblox too.
Sure
Haha probably true (sigh)
Depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of August
Tesla Service Centers &amp; a lot more Superchargers coming to Poland later this year
Will recognize &amp; read all signs for FSD. Focused on traffic lights &amp; stop signs right now. Most are very easy. Difficulty is millions of corner cases.
Hoping to get Joe Mode into V10. The default, of course, is normal volume, but selecting Joe Mode would lower the volume of strident beeps &amp; chimes by half.
If not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
Yes
Some
Not currently in V10, but will try
Yes, V10 will include several games &amp; infotainment features, improved highway Autopilot, better traffic light &amp; stop sign recognition &amp; Smart Summon
Cant you just play though phone Bluetooth?
Were close, but the magic is in the final details. Maybe to months.
Maybe August, not more than a few months
Yeah, feels just like an old school drive in movie experience, but with much better sound
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
Ability to stream YouTube &amp; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats &amp; surround sound audio.
Yes, really enjoyed it, although wish shed made it up to sky city
Unity port is done, so finessing the controls now. Mostly limited by local storage. Will allow additional game storage via USB. Whatevers most fun!
And those who werent expecting a ternary joke
Will run v high res at fps. Cuphead doesnt need k.
Cuphead for Tesla coming out in August
Space fairies are real
Frank Frazetta
Encounter in
Drone cam
Thanks!
Engine cam
Yes
m hop in a week or two
Starhopper flight successful. Water towers *can* fly haha!!
Btw, you can schedule service via the Tesla app in less than a minute
Good point. Getting fixed
Probably /4 to /2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
Launch underway
Dr. Livingstone, I presume?
Pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
Thin tiles on windward side of ship &amp; nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
Testing a possible Starship windward side ceramic tile. Maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. Nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
Wearing black not recommended
High reflectivity minimizes photonic heating, high emissivity minimizes particle heating. No need to radiate heat away if you arent hot in the first place. Also, as metal heats up to yellow/red/white, it stops being reflective.
One Space Station image for each visit
Me too
In a million years, the Universe will go from being to billion years old. Like tears in the rain
Exciting modes!
True
Time to face reality
Were all just made of two quarks &amp; a lepton
Center engines gimbal to degrees
For engine config, are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
Outer engines stick out slightly from m diameter, dont gimbal &amp; are mechanically joined at nozzle
tough
To be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for Earth to orbit!
Very unlikely
Goodbye
Nuclear thermal rocket for fast transit around solar system would be a great area of research for
Do EV owners use V to G a lot in Australia?
Probably have slots for up to engines, but can decontent as needed. Starship update after Hopper hover.
I am become meme
Dance Dance
Next years competition will be in a km vacuum tunnel with a curve
Woohoo
Orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or Mars. Initially just Starship to Starship, later dedicated tankers.
means cute water
Odd
New top speed of km/h!!
Just saw that on a T-shirt competition
Technically, alcohol is a solution
Full stack is rn, but kinda beggin for just one more
Way too long
Starship Super Heavy with Raptors
I have the t-shirt
Wont change. Starship launch structure will be attached to the other side from tower.
Starship launch structure is being built off-site in steel subsections
to months after that
It *is* vision
I suspect many besides SpaceX will livestream these flights. Wont be subtle.
Texas and Florida Starship prototypes (not Hopper) fly in to months
Made with rain
Coming soon
Yes
Tesla Service Centers &amp; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe
This is actually a good thing btw. China is making amazing progress in space, rapidly iterating on rocket &amp; space station technology. Great respect.
No matter how one considers the data, there is a giant improvement from non-Autopilot to Autopilot
Exactly. Trendline that includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features matches curve of Autopilot software/hardware releases, as youd expect.
Maybe end of next year
Addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
Post test fuel leak, but no major damage
Aiming for hover test next week
Yeah, big advantage of being made of high strength stainless steel: not bothered by a little heat!
This non-Autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
Good piece
I mostly drive Model S Performance with dev version of FSD computer. Our new Raven powertain &amp; adaptive damping suspension is great! Next is Model P &amp; then X if driving with my kids. Acceleration is fun on tap!
Exactly. There is no MSRP, only P.
With anything online
Rococo Basilisk
yes, security is extremely important
Sure
Thoughtful analysis. We will endeavor to provide the robots, chips &amp; software to academia.
Neuralink surprise twist!
Is there a longer edit I can post?
I think so
Something like this is the best way to do it. Incent outcome, not path.
About to go live
Not easy getting a lightsaber into backpack
Approximately km/s
SpaceX has Area
Agreed, should be $3k less to get to FSD from EAP
If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more. Gen Shinseki
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Probably
Agreed. Thats approximately date when we expect Enhanced Summon to be in wide release. It will be magical. Lot of hard work by Autopilot team.
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August
Straw man fallacy. To appreciate, your car just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably ~$75k is enough if you bought a . FSD will be bundled in all cars (important point). Something is not a commodity if you cant make enough of them &amp; we wont be able to.
No, since Tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
If we make all cars with FSD package self-driving, as planned, any such Tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
Basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. Team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
Presentation streaming live from at pm Pacific
Streaming. Check Neuralink website later today. Starts around pm.
Wont be today, hopefully tomorrow
Sure, will do
This guy is not a cofounder of Neuralink. Was at company briefly, but he didnt work out.
We are tiny, simple creatures
RIP
Um yes
Grahams number
To Infinity and Beyond!
SpaceX thruster package will be subtle. Hidden behind license plate.
Haha yes
Yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. Those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
Yeah, thats next after summon
Will trace back inertial measurements &amp; wheel movements to exit multilevel garage, unless car was teleported into position, in which case all bets are off
Initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
Probably mph or km/h
Good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
Parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. Doing an in-depth engineering review of Enhanced Summon later today.
Agreed, its a small, but important, feature
Ok
Also, I stole the idea from Spaceballs
Take note
About right, but dangerously chuggy &amp; risking bad things at %. Well keep it above % for this flight.
More like to mT to GTO ~27 deg. Plane change is *v*sin /2, as I recall, but doesnt matter, as theres no geo anywhere near that mass.
mT to mT for true useful load to useful orbit (eg Starlink mission), including propellant reserves. mT for reference payload compared to other rockets. This is in fully reusable config. About double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
Cont of main
We changed the design quite a bit. More about this in late July.
~20m up &amp; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully km up in a few months.
Sure
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
Great team
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their year history!!
Its Not a Flamethrower, Mr Escobar
Sure
Exactly
The is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound &amp; orbits the Earth every minutes
Ok
Absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your Tesla anywhere in the world, unless its prevented by government rules. Thanks for letting me know.
Feeling extra button
Done. Im feeling &amp; Im feeling navigation buttons coming with next software release.
Whoop Whoop!!
I think so. Will check.
Would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other Tesla owners in the area
Sigh
The answer is always aliens
Nice
I have over the years
That was a real sign
I actually asked Ashlee Vance not to write the book several times. Inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
True
Exactly
No
No
There is no refreshed Model X or Model S coming, only a series of minor ongoing changes. Most significant change in past few years was to use high efficiency Model rear drive unit as S/X front drive unit. That went into production months ago.
This shampoo sounds amazing
No problem
The Cape is one of the two Starship build sites. More on this later.
!freespace
May the light of consciousness shine bright
Overall successful. Aborted at T+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
Exactly
Sure
To be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a Tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car
Between first development engine &amp; first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware &amp; software. Over time, thousands.
Upgrading to kW soon
Intersections with complex traffic lights &amp; shopping mall parking lots are the two biggest software challenges. Developer branch already mostly works in these scenarios, but massive effort required to get to % safety.
Local supporters will be invited!
Yes
~Q4
End of Q4, most likely
Production fully switched over ~3 months ago. Functionality wont diverge until Q4, as its limited by software validation. Will be later for Europe compared to rest of world due to regulatory constraints that were put in place years ago by big ICE companies.
This is why its possible for Tesla to have a million robotaxis by end of if we upgrade existing HW2 fleet of ~500k &amp; make at least ~500k FSD cars
All HW2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with Tesla FSD computer &amp; all production in past few months has FSD computer
Starship Mk &amp; Hopper
Wrlq
Agreed
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
Listening to Revolutions by Duncan Found this on a throw pillow
Will do Starship presentation a few weeks after Hopper hovers, so prob late July. If that timing works, free LJ chips for all present!
My D&amp char was NG
Sounds like fun
Occupy Mars
Cat is out of the bag
Exciting progress in Boca! Hopper almost ready to hover. Based on tonights test, looks like Hz Raptor vibration problem is fixed.
Sharknado is real
When sheets come loose all dignity is lost
Model X as it should be shown
What ants must feel like
Yeah
Landing on Ms. Tree
Rocket fairing returning from space
Active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. Since all Tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident &amp; do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
We must safeguard the future of life by transitioning to sustainable energy on Earth &amp; becoming multiplanetary via Mars. Its not clear how much time we have to do these things, but sooner is definitely better.
Best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. Makes a world of difference for pedestrians &amp; cyclists especially.
Should be fixed soon
Reason for top rating is that active steering &amp; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars
Congratulations Tesla team &amp; thanks to all the new Tesla owners!!
Sure
Good one
Meme of recursive irony
Not often these days. Good way to spend time with kids though.
Playing a little Polytopia. Gonna try Solaris w my boys.
Death Note
Yeah, exactly
Yep, order online at in mins &amp; car delivered direct to home
Is this true ?
FWIW, based on calcs I did years ago, cross-over point for Li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 Wh/kg. High cycle batteries are just over Wh/kg today, but probably exceed in ~5 years.
Jet A (kerosene) has much higher energy density than Li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less &amp; convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
Yes, but still a bit too limited on range. That will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We you!!
Tweak music &amp; car karaoke
Fun, little music tool coming later
Sure. Want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes!
One day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
Merkindise coming soon!
They have the best merkins
Im such a bad public speaker! Damn.
These do seem like wise words
If only wed listened
But, if youre going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly!
If you dont already know what a merkin is, dont google it. You have been warned.
Typing Merlin literally just autocorrected me to merkin
We poured our heart &amp; soul into it. Lot of hubris too, but no regrets. Faberg egg of cars.
Hardly anyone noticed, but still
We worked so hard to create that exact view. Seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
Design &amp; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible
sec -60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
Thats actually kinda true
Almost anything. Length/diameter is much lower &amp; Starship doesnt have a hammerhead fairing that acts like main sail.
Youre touching on a good critique of Falcon . Our st stage to nd stage propellant ratio is too high. Were fixing that with Starship.
That would be unwise. Probably needs a restraint mechanism like Disneys Space Mountain roller coaster. Would feel similar to Space Mountain in a lot of ways, but youd exit on another continent.
~1000, as all seats would be coach &amp; no toilets, pilot area or food galley needed. Most flights would only be to mins. Its basically an ICBM traveling at Mach that lands.
About , assuming people want cabins. Pressurized volume is similar to A380. Could take a lot more on shorter trips.
That was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher &amp; stability of booster in ground winds is low
There will be no Block . Moving to Starship architecture.
Frangible would def hurt reusability. Also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
Good to see this. Splitting interstage into sections will have some challenges, but could work.
Probably sooner
Ok
Sure, that would be an honor
Most likely. It is programmed to do so.
High entry force &amp; heat breached engine bay &amp; center engine TVC failed
Ok, thanks
Working on Tesla global logistics
I know sigh. Those are truly a work of art.
Yes, but we couldnt take a chance on nd stage failing its th maneuver. This mission was more complex than anything Im aware of in history of rockets. RIP center core, you did your duty well.
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
High payload/delta-V missions will always be far downrange. Value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. Altitude is almost unimportant.
Center core RUD. It was a long shot.
He was the real deal
One of our main conference rooms at SpaceX is named after Goddard
No, its along the way
Colonizing Mars one mug at a time!
Waiting for Falcon Heavy to launch means high cortisol levels. This is our toughest rocket launch ever.
Yeah
Heat will breathe life into Mars
Yes! I love botanical gardens. This is my favorite:
Absolutely
Yeah, that sounds ideal! I love the KSC rocket garden. Spent many days there looking at rocket design details.
Uh oh
Ok
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug
Chomsky is the Iago of socio-economic theory &amp; Piketty is his docile puppet
Starship will do orbital launches from Boca Chica (near Brownsville) &amp; Cape
At Cape for launch, so watched on hotel screen, but still so beautiful
Just watched it from your link
Yeah
Apollo
Yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
Odds of center core surviving are about % imo, as its coming in about times faster than a rifle bullet
Tesla Software Engineering
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A
All Raptors have slight throttle range by adjusting flow to ox &amp; fuel turbines, but deep throttling imposes limitations on injector stiffness &amp; needs extra hardware. Swear these are legit technical terms
Its a factor. Main reason is that FFSC is the ultimate architecture for converting propellant into rocket velocity.
Yes, they run at *much* higher pressure, but lower temperature. Thermal shock &amp; strain are what fatigue Merlin turbine blades. Solvable for high reusability, but better to apply that engineering to Raptor.
Same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about bar more
Merlin could probably do flights too. Turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. Probably some seals &amp; bearings as well. Coking not really an issue.
So cool
Anything with high contrast
Excessive shades of grey
Yeah, weve been working on curbs a *lot*. Concrete seams too. So glamorous.
Other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. Raptor is designed for heavy &amp; immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. Using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
Third revision of Enhanced Summon hopefully going to Tesla owners with early access later this week
Haha
Depends on destination
Planning on a simplifying mod to Raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to mT level
Since Raptor produces tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. However, Raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
Chomsky sucks
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
More than that now, but &lt;10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
Full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so /year. Still, non-trivial at tons of thrust/year.
Raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design &amp; replace some parts. Production is ramping exponentially, though. SN6 almost done. Aiming for an engine every hours by end of year.
For sure moon st, as its only days away &amp; u dont need interplanetary orbital synchronization
Moon too
Earth
After Starship returns from orbit
Mars belongs to the Martians
A lot.
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live.
Maybe a musket with candy ammo?
e^ln() =
Swear it works great in hell or yer back
Haha
A few other small things change, but pretty close
Tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. Makes both environmental &amp; economic sense. Please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
No, were already recycling them
Yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people &amp; fewer young
Real issue will an aging &amp; declining world population by , *not* overpopulation. Randers estimate far more accurate than UN imo:
We are the Von Neumann machines
Yezz
Stonk tip of the day
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store
Exactly. And many areas of countries showing good Internet actually have poor or no access, so those are important to address too.
One of my favorite original Roadster colors!
How about baby pink?
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June . Order online at .
Changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for years. Every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for Model .
A simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Will consider
This will be our most difficult launch ever
But on the inside
Original Star Wars
Sole meunire
Probably fine. Some Tesla taxis in Amsterdam have times that mileage.
Actually, I stole it from my secret meme dealer
Non, je ne regrette meme
Missed you too
Touched by an
Not sure yet
My chariot license is made of papyrus!
Thats the Tesla part
Overall master plan should be explained. I think it still makes sense if we dont consider AI b other.
Ive been tweeting strange shit since Ramses II. He was a great pharaoh!
Might get pushed to next month. Starhopper flight first. Waiting on engine repair.
years ago, SpaceX server room was named Skynet as a joke. Fate irony.
Thanks
Model arriving in UK
Good question. Will consider thoughtful response.
By far
Good analysis. Both computers will be used &amp; sync ~20 times per second. This is a long time to a computer. Like a twin-engine plane, use both engines to max for normal operation, but can safely operate on just one.
Falcon Rising
BG2 was so good
No need, Top Gear already did
The Ass Blade of Vengeance!
Weird that this actually happened. Music makes a big difference.
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery
Truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. Also, baby dont hurt me haha
Yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. Too complex &amp; unwieldy.
Cool, thats the way it should be!
Cant fool me it was
Sounds about right
Dont make me challenge you to a rap battle!!
Fair point
Yeah, dual motor AWD is super fun!
RWD with all-weather tires works great. Tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. Really helps to have Newton &amp; Maxwell on your side.
Thanks Bob! He is a tough critic.
Not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach
Also $2500 tax credit for California &amp; $500 to $800 utility incentive
US tax credit of $3750 drops in half for Tesla on July . Order online in a few mins at . Return in days for full refund.
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials
Exactly
(muffled titter)
Haha
Would be good to look up electricity rates by location &amp; optimize cost automatically
Yeah, they were a little off the mark
Fun!
Applies to a small number of Bay Area residents, but worth checking out
is relativistic side effect of
Strong incentive to make up &amp; promote negative news
True, cost of operating a Tesla is much lower than other cars
Landing in the fog
Fear (and memes) get clicks
Storm Watch was active for hundreds of Powerwall customers this weekend as a result of Red Flag Fire Warnings in California, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
Absolutely agree. Major expansion of service centers underway.
Super fair criticism. Were putting max resources on this. Hard to hire enough repair technicians in Norway! Please apply if interested.
Norway
Good point. Maybe we could collect rainwater, add a little antifreeze in cold climates &amp; make it last for years.
Annual tire rotation is actually optional. Only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
Yes
Upcoming Falcon Heavy &amp; details
China EV subsidies mostly end this month &amp; fully end in about months
Yes
No problem if you want to post the suggestions on this timeline. Its great to get thoughtful criticism.
mph is common on the Autobahn. Even with only offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to mph.
Tesla Superchargers &amp; service centers coming to Kazakhstan this year
Yes, as you point out, it will clear up a lot of the misunderstandings
Avg speed of NY Subway is actually mph. TBC loop can run at mph with pax autopods passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels to their destination. Thats /hour/lane &amp; you can build dozens of lanes. Will crush any subway in throughput &amp; convenience.
Only cars made in China are eligible for these subsidies. Tesla has never had access to them.
Exactly
Were trying to simplify product complexity, so only offering white (technically black &amp; white) interior in high volume markets
Science
Read it on
This is my pet bee, Eric
Working on Starship
Scientists say its a crucial step towards catgirls
New Tesla Summon will ur
Releasing to Early Access Program Tesla owners next week
Found an old copy of
Also HEPA filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
Same
Not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. Model S &amp; X primary HEPA filter alone is literally % bigger than normal car air filter.
S/X HEPA filter is one of my favorite features
Model Performance
Feedback received. Restoring white interior.
Thats the idea
Thoughtful model
Based on our data, Autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
Tesla is affecting powerful vested interests. Big auto &amp; oil companies arent known for their gentle behavior. SpaceX is battling US military prime contractors &amp; space programs of national govts. No walk in the park there.
Yeah, *way* better. Dramatically improves cost, complexity &amp; ease of operations. Distances of ~10,000 km with decent payload seem achievable at roughly Mach .
Add to more Raptors for Starship point to point on Earth. You can go surprisingly far, even with low lift/drag. This was an unexpected result.
Wings/flaps &amp; leg design changing again (sigh). Doesnt affect schedule much though.
Not bad
Exactly. Were on the wrong planet for SSTO. No problem on Mars or any of the moons.
Yeah, the fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against Tesla has reached new heights
I paid most of my Tesla-related expenses too. Tesla last year was actually net negative comp for me.
One days grace, taking into account time zone confusion. Will revert tomorrow.
Edgy move
Good idea
True. Im a gamer &amp; my boys are too. Starlink is designed to be great even for competitive twitch reflex games.
Yup
Would love to do exactly that
Agreed, sent a note to Starlink team last week specifically regarding albedo reduction. Well get a better sense of value of this when satellites have raised orbits &amp; arrays are tracking to sun.
Exactly, potentially helping billions of economically disadvantaged people is the greater good. That said, well make sure Starlink has no material effect on discoveries in astronomy. We care a great deal about science.
Rotate on one axis. Magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
Yes, already planned. We avoid use of certain lower Ku frequencies specifically for radio astronomy.
Aiming for sub ms latency initially, sub ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
If we need to tweak sat orientation to minimize solar reflection during critical astronomical experiments, thats easily done. Most orbital objects are close to Earth btw, as shown by this NASA density map.
There are already satellites in orbit, which people notice ~0% of the time. Starlink wont be seen by anyone unless looking very carefully &amp; will have ~0% impact on advancements in astronomy. We need to move telelscopes to orbit anyway. Atmospheric attenuation is terrible.
No, Raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
Fair
Super proud of SpaceX propulsion/test/materials team! One of hardest technology problems. New high temp superalloy &amp; internal foundry needed to make it work. Foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
Only a tiny amount. There is enough air to affect the satellites &amp; allow some amount of yaw steering.
Propellant stays same, but almost everything else improves. Fundamental goal is minimize cost per ton to surface of Mars.
Great video. Couple notes: Raptor designed for subcooled CH4/O2, so propellant density &amp; thrust increase up to ~8%, as needed for mission. Isp &amp; up to % thrust/weight improvement over time. Merlin thrust/weight doubled from V1, but Raptor is closer to optimum.
Whoa cool
Yes
Beautiful solar sail
ISS is extremely gigantic &amp; has lights
Precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
Exactly
Karma
Bold move
Stop sending me this tron - Audi
Great ad
This is complete nonsense
Exactly. A car being electric &amp; upgradable to full self-driving maximizes future resale value.
Its not my finest work
Given how many countries are limiting or setting an end date for combustion engine cars, their future resale value cars will be low. Consumers are starting to realize this.
Krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every mins
No
Absolutely
Yes, to months
Lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
Another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps &amp; elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
Opposite is true: you can have s of layers of tunnels, but only one layer on surface (to first approximation), therefore trains should be on surface, cars below
Yes, but you get to your destination so quickly &amp; directly that it doesnt matter
Exactly. Still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
Paperwork &amp; hundreds of approving authorities is by far the hardest part
LA has a subway, but most people dont know about it
That would great!
Yes. No one will forced to take the tunnel. Its optional!
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome &amp; safest place to be in an earthquake
So far, so good
Ironically, same publications will attack me for compensation tied to Tesla tripling in value and imply Tesla is worthless. They cant *both* be true!
Gary the still crushes us! Wouldnt be fair. But TBC might give him a run for his money next year.
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
This is simple and just works
Pretty much
Racing at mph in a tunnel under LA
Fairing halves recovered
Krypton ion thrusters activate in about hours to raise orbit
All Starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
Thanks! Yeah, thats pretty close.
Launch in mins
New S &amp; X are much improved. Worth trying out. Youre on version , current S/X is version .
Its smart *and* enhanced!
Smart Summon coming soon!
Tower with Knight is across road from SpaceX, looking at rocket
Part of the factory is being upgraded, but tours will continue around the parts that arent
Yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. Also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
Outer engines are attached to the edge of the airframe to give the center engines room to move
~2.8m
Turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. Our turbopumps are vertical, have fan-looking things on pump side &amp; complex cross-flow. Liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
Horizontally
First flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. Probably around .
So it goes
months
Hopefully, months
Vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. Sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly &amp; at high angle for landing. Larger nozzle leaves less room to move &amp; increases moment of inertia.
Yeah. Outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
Sure
Two tunnels about a mile long each
Yes
Makes no sense. In order to grow the colony, youd have to transport vast amounts of mass from planets/moons/asteroids. Would be like trying to build the USA in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean!
Aiming for tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least tons, allowing for mass growth
N2 for vacuum. Aero surfaces &amp; high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
Hoping for sec Isp, but at least . Otherwise similar to sea level version.
Aspirationally
sea level optimized Raptors, vacuum optimized Raptors (big nozzle)
After the GoT finale, we dropped it to
Mk1 &amp; Mk2 ships at Boca &amp; Cape will fly with at least engines, maybe all
About to complete SN5, ramping to an engine every days this summer
Boring Company starts digging Vegas tunnel in months. Aiming to finish by end of year.
The turbine also spins though. Partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer &amp; impellers.
But, essentially, the spinning things
Yes
Turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. Requires an inducer &amp; impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
Did it for the memes
Coming soon
Yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. Electric supersonic VTOL. Hard problem.
Hopefully in about days
Physics favors full flow
Good design imo
Thanks Sam!
Good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
Sorry to hear that. Will fix.
Ok
Easy to turn one of our Starlink satellites into a debris collector
Yes
Almost ready. Im testing it personally this weekend.
Yes
Also porting Unreal Engine
Nintendo wont let us
Maybe so eventually, but it will be information &amp; entertainment, not trickery
Tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. Instead, we use that money to make the product great.
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel &amp; pedals!
Sure
Of course
Portal &amp; on this would rock
Would be great to have &amp; !
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons &amp; XBox/PS controllers
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity!
Top Secret
It technically could, but wouldnt have enough mass margin for a heat shield, landing propellant or legs, so not reusable
No worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. Nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives &amp; forks are made of.
Because a Tesla produces no emissions &amp; filters most toxins, pollen, spores &amp; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Sure is. I live here. Air quality is especially bad near highways.
This is why we put extra filters in all Tesla cars. S &amp; X even have hospital operating room grade HEPA filters.
Yeah, feels like something is messed up with Apple news app. Almost only ever shows negative news. Nickname is the hate stream
Congrats on many successful launches!
And I am forever grateful
Set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
Physics demands the impedance of resistance, because its not real
What makes resistance complex is that its half imaginary!
Glad it worked out
Congratulations &amp; on creating great open source literacy software!
more launches of for initial activation, for significant coverage
Starlink mission will be heaviest payload ever at tons. If all goes well, each launch of satellites will generate more power than Space Station &amp; deliver terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
Thats about right
Probably start installing end of next month
SN4 is done. Hawthorne is working on SN5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of SN6 through SN10.
The opposite. Any insights gained by one team must be shared with the other, but other team not required to use them.
Both sites will make many Starships. This is a competition to see which location is most effective. Answer might be both.
SpaceX is doing simultaneous competing builds of Starship in Boca Chica Texas &amp; Cape Canaveral Florida
A lot, but you cant count on lines
Exactly
Its a factor
GoT season finale leaked
Technically, his bro
Happy Mothers Day. I love you Mom!
Ok
Completely agree. Every Tesla should have good art &amp; music creation software.
It is flat-packed. No dispenser.
That *might* not be my lucky number
More details on day of launch, currently tracking to Wednesday
Much will likely go wrong on st mission. Also, more launches of sats needed for minor coverage, for moderate.
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
If static fire on Mon, on Tues
First Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit.
Ok
u3k
Exactly
Yes
Yes, they are!
Will try it
We have dogs &amp; cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
Cats, probably not tbh
Truth
How about Future is driving you, followed by the word future several times in decreasing font size?
By Spiderwee on Artstation
How about being able to look through any of the cameras?
Sure
Thats how I feel when I see dabbing
. drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America
Probably June
Oh stop teasing, Jeff
But putting the word Blue on a ball is questionable branding
Competition is good. Results in a better outcome for all.
We could have gamed an LA/NY Autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with Tesla Full Self-Driving will be able to do it too
That journey will have a diff age rating
Latest Model S is slightly faster
Basically begging for it
Shoulda seen it coming
Turns out theres more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Soon
Baby Thanos?
Time
Yes
Yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
I was just there about a month ago
Probably shouldnt have called holding company Cyberdyne Systems
Just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
Hes just kidding, folks, but best to turn car off just in case. Also was years ago.
Mein Herz brennt isboss fight song
Schatz, bitte hr auf- ich werde rot!
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Model Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at , but lots of other EVs available:
Were closing the loop on Autobahn driving. Will improve dramatically in coming months. Ultra gemtlich.
Oh. They have nice pictures there.
There are people not on Twitter!? Where are they?
Does look like fun
Finnish Metal Rocks
One of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. Version sometimes took days.
In recent years, hours were much higher. Dont recommend though bad for health &amp; happiness. But no choice or Tesla would die. Hope to reduce to hours next year.
Been wanting to go ever since that Finnish metal band won
My security car is called Baby Smurf
Also, Blood, Gandalf the Grey &amp; Superdraco
Eurovision
too Euro
Click checkbox under Advanced Settings
Effectively throttles via tight impulse width control &amp; hundreds of small firings
Dragon approaching Space Station
Not to be taken literally, of course. He means any maker of dairy products.
Wow, how did they take this video!?
Yes
Looks about light-minutes away
Relatively speaking
Space is easy, orbit is hard
SpaceX needs to demonstrate more progress with Starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
. support for reusability with high reliability, the critical breakthrough for orbital rockets, has made a big difference
Will consider
To air is human
Sorry for the inconvenience. Were aware of this glitch &amp; its fixed, but software updates wait for a WiFi connection. Policy has been changed to push updates like this over cell connection sooner.
Close
Just kidding (obv), but the Fermi Paradox is bizarre
Maybe theyre among us. Just saying maybe
Yeah definitely
Triggered
Candy is coming
Thats a direct quote from Warren Buffett
Also times more fun!
Later this month. We need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
Order online in mins, day return policy
Margaritaville is one of my fav songs
True
Youre welcome. Thanks for buying a Tesla!
Only if unable to order by May
Here you go
Ok
Maybe this goat is available
Changing Tesla horn sound to
Sigh
Yeah, weird
Good question
What should be developed on Ethereum?
Of M futures, M were simply death by boredom
Naturally Ramanujan
How many futures are there actually?
Stop giving away free ETH!
And yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with AI
Fate loves irony
jk
Ethereum
Excellent analysis
Deepfake
OG wisdom
Malcolm new book is
Starships on Mars
Yes
Damn haters
Starship on the moon
Our competitors do
We dont buy advertising
Wheres the proof!?
Genau
Might be boring
Physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
Its pretty much the only theory. This will mess with your mind:
Sensors are for the weak. Just go open loop.
So true
As sure as night follows day
Schrdinger is a probability distribution in the shape of a cat
Any observation of Schrdinger changes Schrdinger
Once had a Great Dane named Hamlet, because Hamlet was a great Dane
The only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid!
Thats them! Schrdinger is neither here nor there.
Not as far as I know
We have a big dog called Gatsby, a little dog called Marvin the Martian &amp; a cat named Schrdinger
Yes
Quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
NVIDIA is a great company, but we needed (essentially) a dedicated ASIC for vision-based driving, whereas their solution needs to serve many different customer needs.
I think it will be something like that. Much more productive to manage a fleet of robotaxis than only drive one taxi yourself.
TOPS for Xavier. Pegasus is just Xavier with a power hog GPU on a separate board. Problem is you cant transfer data fast enough between computer &amp; GPU, so GPU usable TOPS is almost irrelevant.
Exactly, Tesla &amp; Nvidia numbers described by Pete were max *usable* teraops running our vision net
Were working on it. Takes time to get all regulatory approvals. Almost there for the larger US states. At least to months for Europe/UK.
Certain regulatory agencies would beg to differ
Haha yes
Its just me writing, so the foolish things I say are entirely my fault
Only see about % of mentions. No deep logic to those I answer. Aspirationally useful, but often whimsical.
No, just preparing for untethered hover tests
Tom is still an advisor to SpaceX, but semi-retired about years ago &amp; doesnt work on Raptor. Will Heltsley heads propulsion overall, but Raptor is a team effort. No single leader.
Great work by Tesla China team &amp; supporting contractors!
Hoping to cover all of Eastern Europe this year
Yup
Everyone knows
Cramer is a simulation. Hes not real.
Thats odd. Will look into it.
UK order page will go live around May or
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May for those unable to order by May
UK Model order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand &amp; Hong Kong
CleanTechnica summarizes new print cover story
Haha
Will be sentient, of course
Range will be above km
Agreed, were ramping up service centers &amp; Tesla mobile service worldwide
More like $1000, but varies by country due to big differences in tax
Considering
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May . You can order online at .
Like blowing twigs too?
Nope
Motor Trend on Model S updates
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging
Strange but true
This require hardware
Can order online in mins for home delivery &amp; return in days for full refund
New Model S has mile / km range
Perhaps the Internet has some helpful suggestions?
Cant think of anything
Someone else thought of an electric blower first? What!?
Tesla blows haha
We can probably just repurpose Model HVAC parts. Not a big deal.
True
Long lasting battery + fast recharge &gt; pack swap
Haha ok
Its been suggested by many, externally &amp; internally
Arent there good ones already?
Maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Yeah, there was a major change in last several months. Everyone noticed, Fred. Hello.
Will do
Absolutely
Seriously
Also, how did you manage to get shamed into being de facto anti-Tesla by social media trolls. Jeez
Fred, every fire *is* investigated. Problem is those who only write about injury Tesla fires while ignoring fatal combustion car fires or fail to mention any contextual statistics in their article, misleading readers into thinking EVs have high fire risk when opposite is true.
Thanks, support super appreciated
Sad if true
When you read double standard articles about Tesla, please ask why. Maybe theres a good reason that isnt obvious.
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over % *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
Over a million combustion engine (its right there in the name!) car fires per year &amp; thousands of deaths, but one Tesla car fire with no injuries gets biggest headlines. Why the double standard? This is a real question.
Those who predicted Tesla &amp; EVs would be dead &amp; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for -12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers + years late. Why the double standard?
Almost all coverage back then said hydrogen fuel cells would destroy electric cars &amp; autonomy was between years &amp; never
Anti-matter def wins on energy density
Exactly. By end of this quarter, about half a million Teslas will have full self-driving hardware (pending computer swap) &amp; we will make another half million FSD cars by mid next year.
As a robotaxi, probably closer to hours, accounting for empty legs, travel to charger/cleaning/service, wait times, etc. ~30 mile penalty most likely imo over ~120 paid miles. Impact is signicant for electricity cost, battery wear cost &amp; larger range pack needed.
Over a quarter million gasoline vehicle fires per year in USA alone
Anyone who did this analysis should interview at Tesla
Upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
Is that a real billboard?
Well let the NN loose on Track Mode one day thatll be insane
Reddit is hardcore. Mostly correct analysis. Comments so dark
Or maybe pegging
On yeah, that too
Exactly. Also, you cant actually use computation from a separate GPU effectively, as you get choked on the bus, so most of the computation is irrelevant. High power, high cooling, but low true, usable TOPS. Worst of all worlds.
Full Self-Driving video
All Model s ever made can upgrade
Warning, this presentation is hrs &amp; mins long
Exactly
All cars made since Oct either have the hardware needed for FSD or are trivially upgradeable
Yeah, will post soon
Its automatic
Tesla Full Self-Driving
Happy Home Planet Day!
Full Metal Alchemy
Love that movie!
Actual Tesla range is about miles / km past zero
Coming soon
Already have one
Respawn++
The Internet is insane
Never seen anything like it. Tesla is just trying to make electric cars &amp; solar power for a better future for all. True, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
Milady, my shield is yours
This is extremely messed up. , whats going on?
FTW
We are very tiny
Put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. Anything hydrophobic from hardware store or Tesla service can do it.
Bach is killing it on YouTube
I love your castle
Ewere a winsome eyre
Nice
Back to work
Are you me or are you you?
My fav color is blue, no red, aaargh
New uWu
Old ewe
Its USB-C
It works great!
Haha
I meant lmpe. Wheres the edit function when you really need it!?
Just wants a little lamp
So cute
Original moth meme
Or a sheep
Exactly
Wake up sheeple! - sheep
propellant grade kerosene (basically, jet fuel) &amp; liquid oxygen are close, but H2 &amp; O2 are not
Common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel &amp; oxidizer
My Twitter is pretty much complete nonsense at this point
Like thug, but rural
Rrl Lf
Switched souls with The Museum of English Rural Lofe
But Im just a simple sheep/ram
Sheep replicants
Sheeps thank you
Are you good with sheep?
Im an absolute unit too
Yeah, gave everything I had to Tesla in Dec
Its not a big deal. Charge to % to % &amp; youll be fine. At % state of charge, regen braking doesnt work, because the battery is full, so car is less energy efficient.
Haha
Yes
Rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
Engines seem ok, pending inspection
It can, but the attachment fixtures are different from standard F9 &amp; they werent ready in time
Winter in snowfall is so beautiful
Im actually less crazy in person or am I?
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
Yes
Haha true. I actually love horses.
Buying a car in that cant upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in
Love Just Water btw
With steel membrane wings like a Dragon, we may be able to lower Starships orbital reentry temp to ~1000 degrees C, which would allow the whole surface to be uncooled bare metal
Starship will land on a ring of fire
Yes
Winter is coming
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
That tweet did take immense effort Fair point tho. Powerwall production is now ramping fast. Tesla was cell-starved last year, so we had to switch all lines to make packs for cars, which meant Powerwall production was living off scraps.
Deal
Please support my campaign to rebrand as emoji!
At some point, and I should just a get a room
Just use this handy guide
Yes
Good interview by
Truth
Exactly
How embarrassing. Will change.
We will. You read it right.
Haha true
Ive always thought that the fundamental good of Tesla should be measured by the number of years by which it accelerates the transition to sustainable transport &amp; energy
Good point, small oil is a problem too
Im sorry, Fred, but WSJ has relentlessly attacked Tesla with bogus articles for over a decade. They cant *all* be chalked up to poor reporting. Where are the WSJ expos pieces on oil, coal &amp; gas? That industry is times bigger than Tesla. Perhaps theyre all angels
Yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! Unbelievable that WSJ would write something so false.
True, Bloomberg is almost as bad
Holman Jenkins &amp; WSJ in general are sock puppets of big oil
Starship is kinda Gundam
Very much so. There are B cars &amp; trucks on Earth. Even replacing % of that fleet would require making M vehicles per year. Tesla will make over k cars in next months, but thats a mere % of M or % of global vehicle fleet. Car industry slow -&gt; demand &gt;&gt; supply.
Sentry Mode fundamentally empowers the individual car owner over entrenched interests, in this case a corrupt traffic judge. Even Tesla doesnt have access to the video unless sent to us by owner.
Mint berry crunch
poetic justice
Boring candy coming soon
Mr Buffett, please stop destroying Dairy Queen. In the name of all that is holy, please stop.
Wow, a lot of people dont know much about how manufacturing works! If you have peak capacity of X, actual average weekly output will necessarily be less than X. First -12 months, it will be much less than X. Impossible to predict exact production ramp S-curve.
There is GWh/yr theoretical capacity, but actual max output is ~2/3. It was physically impossible to make more Model s in Q1 due to cell constraints.
Yes
Yes, all cars with Autopilot or higher, so ~400,000 of Tesla cars built to date
Your interventions do train the NN, but we first verify that the training doesnt cause other issues, so expect step rather than continuous changes in capability
Yes
There will be that too, but economics will favor initial purchase
Hopefully have the order page live before then. If not, will push price change out a bit later.
Not good enough yet. Pushing release by a few weeks. Will be amazing.
Incorrect. Pana cell lines at Giga are only at ~24GWh/yr &amp; have been a constraint on Model output since July. No choice but to use other suppliers for Powerwall/Powerpack cells. Tesla wont spend money on more capacity until existing lines get closer to GWh theoretical.
Tesla will start FSD computer upgrade in a few months
Something like that
Starting May
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
Coming this year
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within days for full refund)
Cryptocurrency is my safe word
Model drive unit &amp; body is designed like a commercial truck for a million mile life. Current battery modules should last k to k miles (1500 cycles). Replacing modules (not pack) will only cost $5k to $7k.
Cool
On April , Investor Autonomy Day, Tesla will free investors from the tyranny of having to drive their own car
Uh its a simulation hello
Da Vinci biography
Malala
That would be cool to do one day
Other automakers change prices constantly &amp; substantially by varying rebates &amp; discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. Tesla is transparent &amp; consistent.
So if we raise prices in the future, will you cut Tesla a check? Cant have it both ways.
Ahem RHD
LHD order page should be live within a few weeks. Deliveries start hopefully June/July.
Coming this year
Good point
Leasing now available for Model
Samwise
Am basically doing continuous AMA on Twitter!
This is true. They each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters &amp; steerable parachutes.
SpaceX team
Made on Earth by humans
Yes
Recovered from water, but undamaged
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink mission later this year.
Thanks on behalf of team! We !
Liquid oxygen
The Falcons have landed
. team would be so honored to fly this for !
Haha exactly
Upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. Will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
Vengeance
Haha sure sounds like it
Probably something notable to announce in a few months
I hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. Symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
Actually true
Found a pic
First flight for Falcon Heavy Block means there is some risk of failure between % to % imo. Many good design improvements from Falcon Heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
I first read this as making wind with
Norway has already proven it could be done last month. No question Australia could do this in far fewer than years.
. copy
No, its better
Building primary structure completion seems on track for May, but then it will take several months to install &amp; activate factory equipment
Love Brunel. Great first name too.
Yes
Mobile can do it no problem
Doesnt matter yet whether you have Tesla FSD computer or Tesla Nvidia-based computer. When it does matter later this year, Tesla will switch the computers for you.
What city?
Two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each SoC having two NN accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
Yes. Working through regulatory approvals.
The Tesla Full Self-Driving Computer now in production is at about % compute load for these tasks or % with full fail-over redundancy
Time flies
Any user input counts
Car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. Just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability &gt;&gt; human.
It will enable video when parked &amp; connected to WiFi. All Tesla Superchargers will have free WiFi over time.
Youre welcome. Thanks for your great photos!
Yeah, Id love to do that
Starhopper
Good idea
Definitely
Already fixed
To make core AP more affordable
That would be cool. Color variation causes havoc though.
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules &amp; processes, so just takes time.
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Precisely
Almost done
Are you on Mad Max Mode? This may be too meek for places like the LA Freeway
Radar
Sure
Exactly
Base AP will have same NN, so core functionality also improves
Many different regulatory authorities. Just takes time.
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon.
Starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits!
Max thrust of tons will be almost % higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block , so were being extra cautious. Launch date might move.
Exactly
drivers in this dataset use Autopilot for % of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.
Hi Nina! So how many would it take? Just between us.
Stay positive
Good point
How much is it?
I think Ive paid for a subscription at least three times, but your paywall keeps forgetting this
Please fix your paywall. Your content is great, but your paywall is not.
Yes
Yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
Thats exactly the idea. Whats not well understood is that Tesla cars being made *today* will be able to do that for you. Just a matter of finishing the software &amp; going through regulatory approval. Will be explained in depth via live webcast on April .
Thanks
Great work with Stripe btw. Much needed.
Im told its looking positive &amp; we will be allowed to continue servicing our cars in Texas
Sentry Mode is barely at V1.0. Will improve a lot in coming months.
Impressive analysis
Only external cameras are being used right now, so internal is not enabled. When it is enabled, well add a setting to disable internal camera.
Also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through nd side windows &amp; rear window.
Its there for when we start competing with Uber/Lyft &amp; people allow their car to earn money for them as part of the Tesla shared autonomy fleet. In case someone messes up your car, you can check the video.
Will take care of it
Improvements coming soon
Yes, needs to drive best clear path. Lane lines are just one input.
Great name
Neural net is upgraded too in this release. Its not just a settings change.
Totally agree. Tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
Starhopper completed tethered hop. All systems green.
Glad you like it! Sorry about the trouble earlier. Helpful feedback for improving the car!
This is way more awesome than it might sound
Night mode default brightness is actually too high imo. Should be lower &amp; allow below current % level. Making that adjustment too.
Agreed
Night mode with % brightness is actually too dark during the day. This is ultimately our fault. We will update our software so that % brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
Change your screen preference from night mode to auto
Fur-curious
These rumors are untrue!
Responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! Weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
Axel F
Obv just someone in a suit. Also, very sus that a is reporting on this.
Dogecoin value may vary
Dogecoin rulz
Uh oh
Dogecoin might be my fav cryptocurrency. Its pretty cool.
Yup
Some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. Hopefully overcome soon.
What could possibly go wrong?
No
Youre so right. Working on it!
That car seemed so advanced when I watched that show as a kid! Knight Industries Two Thousand
And even tinier ones for tardigrades
Yes
Going forward, all Tesla stores will be tiny &amp; have tiny cars
Meant to say young, but spelled it wrong
Ironic stan
If can do this, what cant they do!?
Solid work by Keen, as usual
Norway
Yes
Yes
Seems fair
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter
Making The Onion articles real
Duck emoji FTW
Final edit was on Ableton
Surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. System would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective.
Jung
Weve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past months. Really looking fwd to getting Semi into production.
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars
Pre-Happy birthday!
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge Ive ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated.
Coming soon!
No
Wow
This might be my finest work
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
Im disappointed that my record label failed
Emo G Records
Instagram comments are coding in emojis
Also true
True
The quality of emojis varies wildly
Lame
C++ syntax sucks
Assert (Money == Series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. Primary purpose == Information system for allocation of human time. As automation++, value of money--);
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks!
Like the movie Us. Scary but also empathetic.
No, but for sure the other way around!
Also the intense low frequency vibrations that you cant hear, but you can feel in your chest
Were going to try. Side boosters come back to Cape, center core lands on droneship. Latter will be coming in v hot &amp; fast, so dicey.
Annoying that perpetuates myth that Delta IV Heavy or Atlas V can do some orbits that Falcon Heavy cant. This is absolutely false. FH would have to go full expendable for GEO direct, but thats very rare.
Yeah, Falcon Heavy Block has way more performance than last years vehicle. Lot of room to increase side booster load transfer &amp; max Q without changing any parts. FH Block can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying.
Probably no fairing either &amp; just Raptor Vacuum engines. Mass ratio of ~30 (1200 tons full, tons empty) with Isp of . Then drop a few dozen modified Starlink satellites from empty engine bays with ~1600 Isp, MR . Spread out, see whats there. Not impossible.
Retrofits will start when our software is able to take meaningful advantage of the Tesla FSD computer, which is an order of magnitude more capable. For now, its slightly disadvantageous to have Tesla FSD computer, as our software is more refined for HW2.
Anyone who bought FSD will get it
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward HW3 will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important.
Yes. Sensitive propulsion &amp; avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon .
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow.
We should send probes to outer solar system &amp; get high res, true color images of these strange things. Maybe theres an alien artifact out there
Super cool!
Good point
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate.
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability.
Exactly
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team!
No, it is one week either way.
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
lbs!? How puny. Do you construct childrens toys?
Thats exactly it. Youre no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day.
Good point
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it
Yes, otherwise propellant usage for an atmospheric entry would be very high and/or center of mass would need to be very tightly constrained. Yes, but were going to skip that at first to avoid fragging launch pads.
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon.
Thank you!
Will do
Ford has CEOs in years &amp; nobody blinks, but Tesla loses intern &amp; its front page news. I tell ya (shakes fist at sky)
Its possible to make a self-sustaining city on Mars by , if we start in years &amp; take orbital synchronizations
Youre most welcome! Glad to be helpful.
Only when Y is in production
Every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares
Import tariffs, VAT &amp; transport costs
To be clear, this doesnt affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.
To be precise, midnight on April , so effective April
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April
About to be upgraded to Chromium
Reset
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off
If someone has already won a Roadster from a prior program, theyre only eligible to win the signed Performance Y
Sounds like a good idea
How to win the boss fight in Sekiro
No, its cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero &amp; you cant win that prize again. Intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win.
WW
Agreed, you can only win each prize once
Youre welcome!
New Tesla referral program just released
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep &amp; wide
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too.
Jim Cramer explains short-seller market manipulation
Jim cant take the heat
Jim, no response?
Exactly
Best to get a Tesla Powerwall, so you can power your house &amp; also drive
Probably start Australia builds in late May or June &amp; start arriving in winter
Coming soon
Yes, full duration
White-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around Kelvin
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium &amp; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach or , moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment.
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
Only some of the hottest sections
Full size
We decided to skip building a new nosecone for Hopper. Dont need it. What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle.
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump &amp; combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship &amp; Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations.
Agreed
Raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. Were simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. Throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. Going to % would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed.
Started rolling it out a few days ago. Always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine &amp; stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely.
First (really short) hops with one engine. Suborbital flights with three.
Goes against interests of all Texans
Wow, this is crazy
If someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day , thats fine
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after youve had your Tesla for a week
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at .
Yes!
Definitely down the road, once construction &amp; upgrades arent so crazy
This causes some media confusion, as batch builds &amp; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month &amp; terrible following month, but consumer tastes dont actually vary so much. Massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules.
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations &amp; we try to build in batches to simplify production
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer
Model partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. If we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but thats a lot of complexity.
Exactly! In fact, better to have RWD with winter tires than AWD with summer tires. We appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy AWD, but it isnt critical for snowy regions.
Still get this question a lot, even though Norway has highest Tesla cars per person on (super appreciated!). Also, AWD is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice.
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle.
There was something, but no one caught it
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
Would love to be there this year. If not, definitely next! India
Yeah
Exactly!
London to Beijing Supercharger route
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car.
The hardest joke ever
With pie
Long-term, its about coupling the collective will of humanity to AI. Short-term, its about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems.
Next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. Youre right, its currently too low.
Checking into this
S3XY
OTA
Plug in a USB drive to record video
Comes with , which finishes validation this week
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year!
Yes
Our list prices are our actual prices. Software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate.
Sure, that would be great
Sure
Correct
Thats the plan
Of course
In retrospect, lower price shouldnt have been offered. Was done so because some simply couldnt afford it. Prices revert to normal on Monday.
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
We are still closing stores, just not as many as before. This basically splits the difference about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. Was discussed with exec team &amp; board.
When prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought dont want to write Tesla a check. So it goes.
Yes
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too
Applies worldwide
Yes
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model . Order online at before then for current prices.
Couldnt resolve all the rights issues. Will add another racing game soon.
Ok
Yeah, it might break
Software release later this week should make it better
True (sigh)
True
Probably right. Starship rate of progress far exceeds Falcon &amp; Dragon, although theyre critical to getting there. dInnovation/dt is what matters long-term.
For cargo missions, propulsive land landing should be no problem. Doesnt have same safety criticality as crew.
Pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
Most likely, but this is contingent upon NASA review &amp; approval
Best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
No
Dragon was designed to land using thrusters, with parachutes as backup. Switched to chutes as primary, due to difficulty of proving safety, but Dragon can still do it.
km/h
Raptor on way to Hopper. Will be mounted to vehicle next week.
NK-33 &amp; RD /180 are exceptional
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX! We have always admired your rocket/spacecraft technology.
Thank you on behalf of the people of SpaceX!
All good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
Phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version
Atmospheric entry at mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom.
Yes, invitations go out tomorrow
Getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays &amp; updated software with battery warmup results in &gt;2X improvement in fleet charge time
We will spend or months with public beta of V3 in North America, make sure there are no corner case issues &amp; then begin buildout worldwide.
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from kW to +kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of best case &amp; more than for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to % for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original Model S. Not splitting power across Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to %.
So true
Extremely important merch
Net power to warm pack is especially low when motors are running, as coolant loop routes motor heat to the pack when outside is cold (&amp; rejects motor heat to air when outside is warm)
Yes, but an engine shouldnt count until it flies
Ukraine did play a major role
Very little power &amp; only right before you get to the Supercharger. You wont notice it in range.
If you navigate to Supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
Russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great.
Thanks, that sounds great!
Youre most welcome. Very proud of Tesla team. Super tough years!
Oh stop, youll make me blush
Ok
Yeah, I lift a little
Tesla comms is fixing. That was a mistake.
So cute!
Buddy is like an Earth Pokmon
Gap in understanding is that $35k Model production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. Extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing S-curve.
Yes
No, just literally having toast &amp; jam while playing Jamming
Having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
Yes. Personally, Im most excited by the Tesla Truck. Maybe it will be too futuristic for most people, but I love it.
Yes, anyone will be able to take videos
I believe so
No, that unveil is later this year
Slightly higher drag * slightly higher frontal area affects air friction &amp; mass affects rolling resistance &amp; hill climb. Physics is the law.
Normal
Yes
Detailed specs &amp; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Model Y, being an SUV, is about % bigger than Model , so will cost about % more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
Model Y unveil event on March at LA Design Studio
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed pm
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International
Yes, she would be able to breathe
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on solar arrays.
One day we will be there to see for ourselves
F
Something like this could work
Everyone knows Earth is hollow
I am not a dog. Heres a pic of me:
Model S will be raised to mph too
Thank you. May you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. Also, thank you to , without whom this would not be possible.
Power will increase on all cars. Top speed on P increases to mph. Range on RWD increases to miles.
Yes, new cars and existing fleet
Firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% &amp; top speed by km/h or mph
Spoiler alert: not Porsche
Thank you on behalf of the many people of SpaceX
Lightning bolt right before launch
Earth floats gently in zero gravity
SpaceX Crew Dragon recap
Need to get back to SpaceX launch control. Sorry this solution isnt perfect.
Were trying to make EVs &amp; autonomy more affordable over time. This is the right thing to do. However, we cannot then also retroactively make earlier buyers whole without killing the company.
Will take a few days for system update
Yeah, we need a few days to update the system. If anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
Its not exactly symmetric, but it will come with HW3 upgrade long-term
If you bought enhanced autopilot, FSD upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
If you bought a Tesla before yesterdays price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less)
He is the sensor!
Nope, hes going to float around in zero gravity
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch!
Happy birthday!
Yeah, just use a dryer outlet. High power, easy to install &amp; low cost.
Explanation from Tesla later today
Yes
Haha
Ripley
Base Model available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia to months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be % or more above US number.
Exactly
No reductions from here
For sure. It fundamentally improves quality of life.
Best choice for most people is standard range plus with Autopilot
Exact Tesla Model in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives &amp; takes minute to buy online at
I think we should do something here. Will talk with team &amp; send out a note in next few days.
Should be ~5% peak power increase with March software release
Scheduled for March release, along with many other improvements
Everyone who bought Enhanced Autopilot will get Navigate on Autopilot on highways, advanced summon &amp; autopark
I was being too obvious
Make the Mars Technocracy real
Yay!
ET phone home. No answer
Some Tesla news
Haha
Yes
Stop censoring science!
Because it costs $2500 to transport to east coast &amp; everyone pays same
California
Thursday pm
Rest of SpaceX propulsion still very active, so only ~50 full-time equivalent people right now. That will grow a lot as we enter production. Its X harder (at least) to design engine production system than engine. In automotive, X harder.
Maybe active in a month or so. Focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
Yes, exciting potential
Exactly
Printers are too small. Also, high pressure, high efficiency engines need copper cooling channels with an inco/steel jacket. Cant print yet.
Exactly. This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight.
Tom did an awesome job leading Merlin, Kestrel, Draco &amp; other engine developments from start through that were critical to SpaceXs success. Great respect &amp; appreciation!
Thank you Evelyn, I loved it
Indeed. I have great respect for judges. Its not perfect, but, in general, we should be very glad of the US justice system.
SEC forgot to read Tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states k to k. How embarrassing
Oh hi lol
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Meetings are a valuable use of time!
Theres a in my
Respawn++
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith
Haha true
Its designed to be way better. Well see what reality has to say about that.
Yes, lot of risk
Guys, I have feelings
Focusing on Starship instead
Deorbits &amp; burns up over the Pacific
Upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of Merlin. It will get fragged for sure by aero loads &amp; Dragon abort thrusters.
Including Heavy, which is cores, around or so
Depends on when Crew Dragon comes back. Thats scheduled for launch next Saturday, but lot of new hardware, so time error bars are big.
High probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by Dragon supersonic abort test. Otherwise, at least or missions for Falcon . Starship will take over before the F9 fleet reaches end of life.
Crew Dragon high altitude abort test
Yes
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April.
Always liked Kestrel. It was the Robin Hood of engines.
Advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. Once we have a city on Mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
SN2 has changes that should help
To the first part. I doubt wed create a Dyson ring or sphere.
Yes
Merlins. The max chamber pressure run damaged Raptor SN (as expected). A lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with SN , which is almost done.
Anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. No need though. We have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
Exactly. Super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
You can see the streaks on the vacuum Merlin nozzle in flight videos
Pinter injector tends to have hot &amp; cold streaks. Hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
Essentially, yes. Great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on Mars.
We are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
Yeah, that was a bit embarrassing High engine chamber pressure and ablative dont get along. Ok for low pressure, expendable upper stage.
Thats true Merlin A was terrible. C was ok, D good, but block Merlin (should probably be called E) is something special. Took about years to get there.
Actually, they received (and still receive) almost a billion dollars a year for launch capability. Even if they do zero launches, US govt still gives them that.
Dont know
SpaceX commercial launch market share went from % in to % in . Despite massive subsidies to Boeing/Lockeed, they have never won a fair competition against SpaceX for several years.
Exactly. Thats the critical point for Starship/BFR: more payload than the biggest rocket ever made, but for less money per launch than the smallest (orbital) rocket. Without something that lowers orbital flight cost by X, humanity will never be a multiplanet species.
SpaceX Merlin architecture is simpler than staged combustion (eg SSME or RD), but it has world record for thrust/weight &amp; thrust/cost engine. Raptor has better Isp, but Im worried it may fall short on those two critical metrics.
So true John Clarke
Not true. Limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure &amp; temperature in oxygen preburner
Whoever owns the early BTC deserves a Nobel prize in delayed gratification
That said, I still only own BTC, which a friend sent me several years ago. Dont have any crypto holdings.
I have been chief engineer/designer at SpaceX from day . Had I been better, our first launches might have succeeded, but I learned from those mistakes.
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of probably around k, ie k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about k.
Wont be long before they do
Tesla made cars in , but will make around k in
Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe
The gritty truth
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from
Agreed. Also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
Pics are so clear in space!
That last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
Also, Tesla was competing for some of same people as OpenAI &amp; I didnt agree with some of what OpenAI team wanted to do. Add that all up &amp; it was just better to part ways on good terms.
I had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering &amp; manufacturing problems at Tesla (especially) &amp; SpaceX
To clarify, Ive not been involved closely with OpenAI for over a year &amp; dont have mgmt or board oversight
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel
It will soon
Yes, Autopilot max speed is mph above speed limit off highway or mph on highway
Of course I still love you
This is in addition to existing Cabin Overheat Protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
Yes
It will start out slow to make sure there are no corner case issues and then, if that looks good, speed up next week. We def need to add a Request Latest Update feature!
Updating
Wow,
CNBC - Tesla Model ranked most satisfying car
True, that headline is not exactly going to win a Pulitzer for originality
Probably a month or two. Sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
Some sites maintained an almost daily Tesla deathwatch years ago, reporting with an awful delight. days later
Tesla Model X first SUV to receive a perfect crash test rating via
Bet the other carmakers didnt see that one coming haha
Yeah, but simpler. Needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
Starship &amp; Super Heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version . Very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on Falcon, even though liquid oxygen is /3 vehicle mass &amp; helium weighs basically nothing.
Luke, I am your farter.
Thanks Jack, Twitter rocks!
To air is human
Agreed
Sorry Had a vital mission in Norway Now I am back
True
Moon first, Mars as soon as the planets align
On my bedside table
A biography on Korolev has center place in my study
Just planning on keeping the public informed about progress &amp; setbacks. Will be some RUDs along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
The goodwill of the public is critical to Starships success
At least X cheaper
Very dependent on volume, but Im confident moving to Mars (return ticket is free) will one day cost less than $500k &amp; maybe even below $100k. Low enough that most people in advanced economies could sell their home on Earth &amp; move to Mars if they want.
Yes
This will sound implausible, but I think theres a path to build Starship / Super Heavy for less than Falcon
Close
But not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. Nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
Much above bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of to + bar. Definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
Propellant was not deep cryo. CH4 &amp; O2 were just barely below liquid temp at bar. In theory, Raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. However, only bar is needed for nominal operation of Starship/Super Heavy.
Yes, aiming for sec Isp with vac nozzle. Maybe if we get lucky.
I think where we lit main chamber &amp; several with only preburners
About secs
Definitely! Its amazing that the RD-170 &amp; RD-180 engines held the record for so many decades. Excellent engineering.
Raptor reached bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by engine/test team!
I was simply too sexy for it
Maybe tomorrow
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam &amp; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model s on their way to owners in Europe!
Hope they dont find this pic!
thank goodness its not November
a
I want you too baby
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for mins &amp; secs
Booster center of mass is much lower &amp; more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
Technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). T^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
Rocket booster temperatures wont go much above Kelvin on hottest parts of main body &amp; maybe around K on base, which uncooled steel can handle. Starship is around K for a Mach entry, so needs shielding of some kind.
Prob wise for version to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
Welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. To the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
The Super Heavy booster is only needed on Earth, so think of this as just Starship &amp; sometimes it needs a boost, hence Super Heavy
SpaceX Engineering
Telekinesis
Vaporized some copper
Sentry Mode (and Dog Mode) roll out next week
Design requires at least metric tons of force. Engine reached mT &amp; bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means % to % more with deep cryo.
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship &amp; Super Heavy
Sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through Zeebrugge first time. Cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
Were doing everything we can to get there. Its a super hard grind.
Exactly. Both prices are shown right next to each other &amp; lower price is *actually* the real apples to apples cost vs a fuel car. In fact, for many states in the US, its way better.
VAT of ~20% &amp; import duties of ~10% usually result in a % higher cost in Europe
Mach Diamonds
Glad you like it
Spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners &amp; main chamber
Gaseous CH4/O2 &amp; heavy duty spark plugs. Basically, a of insane power
Will do, although SpaceX reddit is very well-informed. Really impressive analysis by some commenters.
Engine use methox torch igniters. Green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by team!!
We will when it rolls out
Yes
At Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine
soon
Only a matter of time
That might be the ultimate superpower
How Model performs on a long road trip
Im openly moderate. There, I said it.
Haha how is this even real?
No, payload will actually increase
Exactly
I do like nonsense memes. Its true.
Yes
Next few days
looks like sentient choc ice cream
Just bought oh yeah
Whoa cool
No plans to do so. Would recommend Model S.
logarithms
Dammit!
Well tweak the alloy over time, so it wont exactly be , but close
Well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where I mistakenly thought I was smart
Rocket mass ratio is about the same for aluminum-lithium vs stainless full hard at cryo, but latter costs way less, is tougher &amp; doesnt even need paint!
Still up to . Will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
Mostly true
Cold gas thrusters only. Will use body flaps &amp; main engines for landing orientation, so wont need high thrust reaction control. Simplifies things considerably.
Yes
Initially making one metric ton thrust engine common across ship &amp; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) &amp; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at Texas
Yes. Its very rare to find all three.
To be clear, Im confident that a stainless steel ship will be lighter than advanced aluminum or carbon fiber, because of strength to weight vs temperature &amp; reduced need for heat shielding
Will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like F9
Yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide Mach regime &amp; angle of attack
Absolutely. Youve touched on a very important point. The ship must be easy to repair on the moon and Mars.
And Tesla Gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
About orbit synch windows, which are every months, so self-sufficiency around
All our patent are belong to you
Our true competition is not the small trickle of non-Tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the worlds factories every day
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; its happening!
Tasty food!
Its designed for people on a Mars journey
Super appreciate Deepaks year history building Tesla &amp; wish him greatest of happiness in retirement! Zach has been outstanding over his year history with Tesla &amp; will build upon Deepaks legacy.
Sure, which ones?
Youre most welcome! Very thoughtful questions.
Max Tegmark is great
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse
guys standing on roof of skyscraper. st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. He jumps off &amp; is blown back on roof. nd guy tries &amp; goes splat. rd guy: that was a dirty trick Superman.
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey
Entropy is the ultimate boss battle
Haha
tbh smh
Haha true
SpaceX documentary actual footage
All we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!!
Sure hope that happens
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf &amp; Gadget. So much has happened since then
We are so tiny
You drive a hard bargain, but ok
Host meme review?
Its an honor, sir! Thanks for owning a Tesla.
Tap Tesla logo at top of your cars touchscreen &amp; wait secs to open special features box
Still my favorite tweet of all time
Ok, well throw that in too
But, occasionally, the metal version
Haha
Tesla Sentry Mode will play Bachs Toccata and Fugue during a robbery (and keep Summer safe)
All doors unlock automatically when the Tesla comes to a stop after an accident. There is both primary &amp; backup power to doors, brakes, steering &amp; airbags.
Cool that this is happening on many fronts. Looks like a good design by .
Yeah, worked on my cousins farm for six weeks around my th birthday. I was so kewl.
Many cold weather improvements coming via OTA software
So tempting
Its like looking in a mirror!
That would be so cool!
Yes, and my grandfather was from Minnesota with some Scandinavian/German background. Got to hand it to Norway. Thats a great sculpture!
Awesome moose sculpture!
Rough beta in to weeks
Feature has now been in place for months
These are industrial strength. Not recommended for use at home!
Testing metallic heat shield at C (2000F)
Sure. Also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
The youth love em
If test flight of goes well next month, will to this summer!
Actual tanks are fine
~1750K is peak heating expected on about % of Starship for LEO entry, ~1600K on %. Rest drops below K, so no heat shield needed. Radiative cooling at T^4 takes care of % of the ship. Another reason for steel.
I just heard. mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night &amp; fairing was blown over. Will take a few weeks to repair.
S stainless is better for high temp outer skin, as it can take ~1450 Kelvin, so active cooling with cryogenic fuel only has to mitigate degrees of delta temp
Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved.
Since its part of safety &amp; security, all cars with AP2+ hardware will get it
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot
Yes. Also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze &amp; block cooling channels.
Coming soon. Lots of unique road markings &amp; signs in each country.
When going to ~1750 Kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
untrue
Roughly to minutes for light to travel from Earth to Mars
Director of CERN asked me about Boring Co building the new LHC tunnel when we were at the . Would probably save several billon Euros.
Yes
Blood moon over LA tonight ()
The zooms around the world about every mins
Tesla is the safest car according to US govt testing
I wish them well. Track record in auto startups is tough. Thousands of US auto startups, but only Ford &amp; Tesla have avoided bankruptcy. A similar scenario is likely in all countries.
Wow
Yup
Thanks, good idea!
Yes, ending on Feb . Its adding too much cost to the cars, especially Model .
Order must occur before Feb
No, the whole referral incentive system will end
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb . If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla &amp; give them months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
I think some of them should combine forces. Talent is spread too thin.
Dragon was originally designed to land with thrusters, but its not the right architecture for heavy transport to the moon or Mars, so we decided not to qualify it for thruster landings
How many electric vehicle startups are there? Seems like a lot.
Teslarati is very thoughtful &amp; well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by SpaceX
The LA Times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on SpaceX &amp; Tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
The source info is incorrect. Starship &amp; Raptor development is being done out of our HQ in Hawthorne, CA. We are building the Starship prototypes locally at our launch site in Texas, as their size makes them very difficult to transport.
Haha youre welcome! Hope youre doing well.
About $15M/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750M plus maybe $50M/station
Glad you like it
Yes
LA is so beautiful after the rain
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from viewport
Falcon comes home
We are not yet offering the mid range Model in Europe
Which country? There is a % import duty, ~20% VAT (US prices dont include sales tax) and about $2000 in extra shipping cost, but it shouldnt add up to $25k.
View of SpaceX Dragon berthed with in the last Cupola opening. Dragon (Crew Dragon) launching soon.
Ok
Obv must be more pointy tho
It needed to be made real
Haha
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon Hopper
Body/tank diameter is m or about ft
Should be done with first orbital prototype around June
Yes
Yes
Yes
This is for suborbital VTOL tests. Orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (wont wrinkle) &amp; a smoothly curving nose section.
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering.
Yes
Getting some regulatory pushback. May not be available in all regions.
Going through final validation &amp; regulatory approval. Probably releases to early access program owners in a few weeks. Its trippy!
Yes
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements
Def not
Yes
Starting on Monday, Tesla will no longer be taking orders for the kWh version of the Model S &amp; X. If youd like that version, please order by Sunday night at
Good idea
Its an option
Vertically or horizontally?
No problem
Plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
I dont think the law fully anticipated this situation. So probably yes for a while.
Im not. Will use SpaceX cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the rear seats.
It will be
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason
The new Roadster will actually do something like this
And now we dance!
Great thread
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of /Y for greater China. All Model S/X &amp; higher cost versions of Model /Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
Shanghai Giga output is just for greater China, not North America. Affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
Shanghai Giga production of Model /Y will serve greater China region
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
Looking forward to breaking ground on the Shanghai Gigafactory today!
Good sign that almost no Model owners want to sell their cars!
Yes, will be extremely intense. Early flights are especially dangerous, as theres a lot of new hardware.
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Falcon on launch pad with Crew Dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway
Spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. We used that for the Hyperloop vacuum tunnel. However, Starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
Exactly
Its all in the way you say it
Matt DeBord reviews all Tesla models via
I do love Tintin
More on this in a few months
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc.
Aiming for weeks, which probably means weeks, due to unforeseen issues
Good shot of Starship flight test vehicle being assembled in Boca Chica, Texas
Engines currently on Starship hopper are a blend of Raptor development &amp; operational parts. First hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in California. Probably fires next month.
Haha
Not yet
Thats a reasonable question
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon
Probably
Thats what I heard
Life is made of ups &amp; downs
Appears to be simulations all the way down
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
Wutf
What you think I do
Ok
srsly
To a dyslexic agnostic, there is no
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
There are no coincidences
Model mid-range EPA rating is actually miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of
Checking
Reveals wheels?
Weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
Btw, I like your gaming equipment
Sounds great, will connect you with Tesla Energy
Singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery &amp; be energy-independent
Yes, support of the Chinese government is very much appreciated
Govt has been unwelcome
Congratulations!
Great work by Tesla Team!
Congratulations team!!
Thanks!
Haha
Haha
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Good summary of Tesla progress in by (due to Tesla team, not me though) via
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
Ok
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Exactly
Yes
Probability at % &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
Congratulations
Coming soon
Yes
Got it
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville &amp; across Mexico.
Yep
Yes
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to % of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
Ok
Wow!
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!!
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Sigh
Yes
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Glad youre ok!
Starship will look like liquid silver
Haha
Maybe
Much less
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Yes! People are almost always surprised to learn that Earths gravitational reach is infinite. Zero gravity is achieved by zooming around Earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time.
Engineering is true magic
Yezzz
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Thanks!
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons &amp; Mars.
Coldformed at cryo
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
Exactly
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
Yes
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel &amp; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
Coming soon
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Only if Dawkins joins
Interesting
Bajirao Mastani
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Yes
Haha
Namaste
Needs a warmup
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
Ok
Autopilot doesnt need the guide wheels. Theyre only there if there is a complete system failure. Turns will definitely be banked in future.
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
Exactly
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; I think theyre right. Might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. So long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
Precisely
Presentation starting at :15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
Actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Yes
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Yeah, I wrote that back in , almost years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. It takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla!
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Tis
Medieval Futurism
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Thanks!
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
Congratulations!
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
You got it
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
Zero Suit
God Fire
ramen is sooo good
Exactly
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
About to days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
No need to wait. Its super easy to swap the HW2 and HW3 computers. Sensors are the same.
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Yes
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
Probably next month
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
Probably end of next year
So true
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Machete!!
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car -2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldnt exist or would have started much later.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe &amp; later China.
Buying took over a decade, $11M &amp; amazing amount of effort. Didnt like even when we were only making .
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Yes
Interesting
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
As far as we know, its the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. Major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Us too sigh
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
satellites on this flight!
Were adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the Tesla neural net in coming months
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Youre all hired!
Yes no maybe
None shall pass!
Ok
Good advice
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
Glad youre ok
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
You got it!
Three things, one of which is CH4
No
No
Reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. Cant wipe it off.
Haha
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
True
Both
Your Tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
One day
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
Update soon
Sorry
Boring breakthrough
Definitely
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
That would be cool
Haha kinda true
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Yes
This is completely backwards. Based on what weve learned from the Hawthorne test tunnel, were moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under LA. Wont need a second test tunnel under Sepulveda.
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Tiny wizard
to years
Engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Touch
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Not yet
trouble
Earth is
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Signing off for a while
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Starships were meant to fly
Starship Tooters
Good one
Good idea
Coming soon
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
Later versions will
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Renaming BFR to Starship
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
Yes
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
No, its got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original Roadster. Still, it would probably only save about % to % of effort, all things considered.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Lot on our plate, so its either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from Daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. Not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. Priority list is Model Y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, Roadster.
Ok
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Absolutely agree
Investigating
Probably mid
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service &amp; lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA &amp; USAF are supportive.
Radical change
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Missed miku concert sigh
Listening to Better Now
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
Haha
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
While (!castle) {brick++};
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Fortnite irl
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
We have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains dont leave often.
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Yes
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Easily accessible energy
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Yes
Will try again next month
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Is he ok?
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for grant money. They earn vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
That is true &amp; should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Good, but not hospital grade. S &amp; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Cool
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield &amp; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
But comments are
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec . Runs parallel to freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to .
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Zeroth Law
Foundation of psychohistory
I am not
True
B or !2B
Love Oumuamua jokes
Remember the future
Oh hi guys lol
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
So underappreciated
Ok
Ok
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
What is love?
Bikini Bottom
Fair
Yes, that is how
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Wow thats cool!
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Haha
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Yes
Definitely
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa &amp; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China &amp; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California &amp; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob to weeks
v true
cute
Haha
Bring Me the Horizon
Aiming for next week
Norway
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas &amp; East Coast in st half of quarter
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
Um yes
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say whos the pet now
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid &amp; park.
Cool haha
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Dont worry, well make it right
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Isnt it obvious?
Worth it
True
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
Haha
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Lacks scale
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Exactly
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
Glad youre ok
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
Good question
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
I wish
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes Zorbix
Sir, I would never
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
Making progress
I said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Its pretty hot
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Ok
Fire and Ice
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Love the Concorde
Bound to happen
Yes
Time
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
Midnight
My twitter feed rn
Then the hell with science!
Not moths tho
Send me ur dankest memes!!
in
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model was product alone.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Same
Howd they know!?
Around mid
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Working on it
That is correct
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Wanna buy some Bitcoin?
And I own a chibi Wolverine
ianime
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get days to return for refund, else day
Former
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
Good point
Interesting
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Under LA (Hawthorne)
mph | km/h
Opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
Pretty close, actually
I think real
Opens Dec
The first tunnel is almost done
N00B!
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Good idea!
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Coming soon
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Digital Style!
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Exactly
Coming
Yes
Reality is hard
Online doesnt count
Coming soon
No
Thats next
Had to been done ur welcome
I hope this is true!
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model &amp; super simple new order page
Week or two
Love the Reddit comments too
Dog saves her puppies
y
Youll see
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Special Circumstances
Yes
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Insightful article by David
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I believe its $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between % &amp; %
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU &amp; better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
Model motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Yes
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
It is time to create a mecha
NERV
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Love Your Name
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
Towelie
Good idea!
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Yes
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Visual approximation
Teslaquila coming soon
Glad youre safe
Beautiful picture
Yes, its hard to find. Not sure why.
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
This is incorrect
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Studebaker Museum in South Bend
Punctuality is not my strong suit
Wed be nothing without our fans
Because is obviously louder than
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
It sure does. Very reliable.
You are right
A reminder of why its important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Warms my
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
(Credit )
Falcon has landed
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
What city &amp; what Model config?
My fav character
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Yes
Yes, but in that were creating a generalized autonomy solution. Must work in millions of strange situations.
Blade Runner Esper Edition Vangelis
Actually, its of forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. External cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
Fair point
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Only if theyre extremely tiny
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
Rococo Basilisk is
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
The big funds can &amp; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
This is amazing
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
True
Sorry about the typo. That was unforgivable. Why would they be upset about their mission? Its what they do.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Great verdict
Could be worse
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Naughty by Nature
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
That was intense
i
!! Will take action.
And remember
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Tesla Owners
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Tricky one
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Probably for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
Haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Wow, glad theyre ok!
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Tesla Rangers!
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Yes
True
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
Will do. Love Reddit.
Space Bar
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Very close
Always
Yes
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Very interesting
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Yes, I do
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
With lasers
My fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Ok
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Forward moving wing
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Awesome
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Yes
Yeah, thats our problem. Service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes &amp; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
True
"Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. """
Hi Dustin!
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in + years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Wut?
Haha
Intentionally so
Electric cars made with sunlight
Yes
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
Thoughtful feedback
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Looks cool
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
is about the right cell size, but I dont recommend copying our current module design. Far too difficult to manufacture.
Like sands through the hourglass
types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont
Will do soon, as promised
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
I am a business magnet
Good times with
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Tesla st, nd &amp; rd in August sales
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
Sorry, weve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. If need be, were repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. Got to be done.
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
V cool
So you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is .
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Its coming, I swear
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Sure
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
Most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. Now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Maybe
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Whats cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Its almost done
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
This is actually real
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids &amp; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Ok
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
So many saved drafts. So so many.
Im dying to
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good &amp; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
Coming soon
Definitely
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Didnt like it
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Excession
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Version
Ford &amp; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Great meeting you!
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen &amp; company. Our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
Model review by Unbox ... via
Missile Command &amp; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Blue too
Hex nostalgia
e f f d f e
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &amp; Katz and Munger, Tolles &amp; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Model traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
Great Q&amp;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model &amp; bringing Y to market
He was amazing
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Busted
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
Of course
Unis3x
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
S3XY
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
Awesome
Love this from P&amp: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Yes
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every months or so (like SpaceX)
No change
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares &amp; go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Yes
I dont have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Good morning
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Maybe Thursday
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Yes
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
Early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless youre prepared to have something go wrong
Tesla Autopilot Team
Everywhere
Much more interesting
Games &amp; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X &amp; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S &amp; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Glad youre enjoying Model &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0.
Yup
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
The humans
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Very tiny
Performance Model review by
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Still as true today as it was years ago
Squirrels
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Definitely
Bioshock is amazing
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Cool idea!
Good idea &amp; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Yup
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Science
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert &amp; raise you a Chris McKay
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
We should be really worried about this
No
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
Were adding a party &amp; camper mode soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. Great background.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Yes, minifloats
Yes
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
-bit floating point?
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Yes
The future is accelerating
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
This is great.
Thanks Phil
Machines that go ping
Whats technology?
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Wagnerian
Yes
Mtor Trnd
Great!
Weve gone from ~1000 S/X deliveries per week in US last year to ~6000 S/3/X. Its like hitting a square wave.
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here &amp; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Haha
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Wall Street
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
Yes, Tesla Model S, X &amp; all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
Ok
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Hes a good guy
Always look on the bright side of life
It is much better
Sorry
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Dont make me bite my thumb at you
For sure
Btw, is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
No kidding
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago &amp; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
This chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not US government missions. Other US refers to Boeing &amp; Lockheed. Their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
I wish
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
Good point
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about % of what I donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone.
Actually true
Hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely &amp; smell first. Ur welcome.
Lvl Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yes
Wizard alien
Yeah, but I got gp &amp; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
Interesting read
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Performance version suspension is cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Would love to. Its been too long.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
Sure
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
So true
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sounds good
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Damn, now I want donuts
Yeah
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Great move
Why sir
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Good point
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Well it looked smaller on paper
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Should be very soon. Weve already made around Model Performance cars for test drives in stores.
Exactly
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Already have
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
The former Thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as rescue chief) is not the subject matter expert. That would be Dick Stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. This is our direct correspondence:
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
Ok
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Thanks, but weve not done anything useful yet. It is all other people.
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is cm
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
It is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Python
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Turbo
C
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
Yes
Yes
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
Yes
handles/hitch points on front &amp; on rear. air tank connections on front &amp; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Ground winds would
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Cant be too buoyant
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Good idea
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Interesting
Great, thanks
Inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand &amp; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water wont come in
Does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX &amp; Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd &amp; rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
Maybe worth trying: insert a m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you &amp; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
I didnt ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots dont work for me. They just dont like hypocrites.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos &amp; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Are you % certain that stands by &amp; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
True
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
What a coincidence
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. , I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Happy to support
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Belfast is beautiful
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set &amp; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
I suspect that the Thai govt has this under control, but Im happy to help if there is a way to do so
You never know ..
Loona
Ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
Noted
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Whoop whoop
The Spice Flows
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Sure
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
cars, days Tesla Team
Then whats this wand for?
Who likes short shorts?
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Excession
Engineering is magic
Love Awesomo
Space Laser
Spacebow
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow.
Open the Knaack HAL
obv
the money
Follow the
Busted. Its me.
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks Bill
Paint shop
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more &amp; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We didnt steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, We didnt benefit from it, We dont want it, And we still offered to pay for it. You are a jackass.
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Bronco rocks
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
For sure
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Youre welcome!
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
That goes without saying
lb towing capacity
It will
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically &amp; have degree cameras &amp; sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Virtue signaling is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
We must aspire to truth
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
True
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
This Washington Post article seems good
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
This doesnt take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). This is why Tesla.
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old &amp; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
Good news coming soon
Yes
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Life is good
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
So strange
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Its real
Thanks!
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum &amp; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Road, Hawthorne
.sus
haha
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
So big you cant believe it
srsly
Vicious torque
Tesla factory rn
Good catch!
Exactly
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Thanks
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Its called Top Secret
Yes
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Sure
Congratulations!
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Dune. The spice must flow.
We power the press in . Ironic.
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Exactly
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of % seems about right. Below % is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above % too negatively affects economic output.
Cool video
Thank you for helping those in need
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Yup
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Original Star Wars
Hahaha
Die frhliche Wissenschaft und Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu Behalten
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are they?
Where are you going to march?
That seems unlikely
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
I am one of the top donors to
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
I think so
I hope the kids are ok
Shelter
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
They look beautiful
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga &amp; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
No
Needed another general assembly line to reach k/week Model production. A new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in weeks. Tesla team kfa!! Gah, love them so much
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Your union brothers
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Thanks, good advice
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks &amp; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla &amp; me via rd parties.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it &amp; attacked me personally
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years &amp; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford &amp; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Engels wrote nd &amp; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldnt care less.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Iron pyrite
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Youre just a troll/bot, but I will reply anyway. I arrived in Montreal at by myself with $2k. No support, no contacts, nothing. Father said Id fail &amp; be back in months.
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
You think all companies are bad and all unions good? Thats a very bigoted position.
Well said
Then youll be fine
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesnt work. UAW and Wall Street shorts know every detail of whats happening at Tesla. Storm clouds are gathering, so theyre getting desperate.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash Tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. Such creeps.
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
Iain certainly wasnt pro-union in the Culture books. At all. And wouldnt be in the case of Tesla. Banks was about freedom through &amp; through. Maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), I would be too, but thats a special case.
SX &amp; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Love you too
Fair point
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldnt resist)
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd &amp; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Ok
The enemy of my enemy is myself
Exactly
Libertinarian
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I disagree with that goal &amp; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
lol
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Yes
Sigh
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Lake Show
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
No
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
A socialist
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
What is yours?
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
I always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of Green Eggs &amp; Ham
Foundation Series &amp; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks &amp; George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. Its pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
My donations are anonymous
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dankonia
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; were never going to make them again.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
Not recommended for urban environments
Yes
The actual amount of time I spend on Twitter is tiny. My tweets are literally what Im thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
Add an R for Roadster
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
Will do
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU &amp; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
years ago, when my st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly
Terms &amp; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
Yes
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Coming soon
I think so
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
First Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today!
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on % renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Definitely. Will also have Augmented Mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. Like a flying metal suit, but in car form
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S &amp; X w HW2 Autopilot &amp; all Model cars.
Working on improving
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Tip of the day
Coming soon
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little
Good morning, Sonic. Not sure how to break it to you, but
We have about projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Definitely
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Next year
Twitter is so dark
No no
That is horrifying
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The future
Exactly!
I was an alien
Usually, they dont even realize it. All they know is that some PR agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. That is the true nature of the corruption. It is rare that US media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
Actually true!
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everythings just fine
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Glad youre ok!
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Mid for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model should be second best in world after Model S/X. Still super good, but we went a little on S/X.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
Model S &amp; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
Do it
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Natrlich
Definitely
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Finders keepers
Hi !
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Hell of a week
Just for perspective
True, no one is perfect
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
Ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
Prob
Yes
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
Pneumatic means propelled by air. Opposite of Hyperloop.
Braking &amp; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
Yeah, absolutely
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
Like you guys too
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design &amp; SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Peace
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science &amp; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Exactly
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Yeah
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Yes
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
You have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Good school
Had a great time with my kids
Yes
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Thanks
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Youre missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Yup, deleted
? It should
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky tires.
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
Keyword future
Will do another rev before final design
I was
Thats what I had in mind
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Its not
Thats a great song!
Sometimes when I have hurt feelings, I play this song
No, thats the other guy
So true
Because Twitter is fun
USAToday FTW!
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
But femtotech is the future
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that dumb public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh...
A Tesla has a usable reserve of to miles range even after the battery reads empty. This will not hurt the pack.
Pretty good. TinTin A &amp; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
Its cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening
Gwynne has been prez of SpaceX for years &amp; well-deserved
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe &amp; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Worth a shot
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
The Tesla facility is open plan &amp; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
No
Nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law &amp; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
Done
Have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Be careful what you wish for
Amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll
My point exactly
Ahem, you have nano in your bio. That is % synonymous with bs.
Reddit is great
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product &amp; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Gasoline or diesel?
What car do you drive?
March
The media
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Definitely
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Yo
Thats the basic idea
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
If youre in media &amp; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
Ive never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. UAW abandoned this factory. Tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. They havent forgotten UAW betrayed them. Thats why UAW cant even get people to attend a free BBQ, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
Of course
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
No, theyre just some rich kids in Berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
Will do
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Thats why editors are included too
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Even if some of the public doesnt care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
Exactly
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis &amp; Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
Thanks. Not super fun right now
Busted
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Great idea!
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM &amp; Chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago &amp; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote &amp; find out.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM &amp; Chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over &amp; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Good point
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of class lords &amp; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, &amp; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler &amp; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
No problem
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
I didnt meet with him
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Have been meaning to get around to talking to him. Some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasnt fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
ABS calibration algorithm
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Stop, youre making me blush
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Very strange. Model is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money &amp; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla &amp; live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
Exactly ! That will be really fun &amp; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
Yes
Exactly
They can form a union whenever they want &amp; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
They are correct. Its awesome. Second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from Model S. Traction control precision is super tight.
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Good idea ...
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; dont get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec &amp; top speed to mph.
Black &amp; white interior available only for Model Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
Exactly
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
Im about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
AC induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed &amp; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
He taunts us with his speed
Just an ordinary snail
His name is Gary &amp; hes a snail
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
lol
Listening to REALiTi
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Yes
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Yes
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Lovely story
If someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. I would gladly obey their instructions, but I cant figure them out.
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over &amp; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
Good piece by Ars
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Yo
Will make that a setting
Fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, hours a day, days a week
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla &amp; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Launching in ~4 mins
AWD &amp; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD &amp; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
A cool thing about the design is thats easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S &amp; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X &amp; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter
So rococo
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Stole it
We sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Hi Danielle!
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
Thats a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Prob iTunes, but whatever works u is fine. Most people dont buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. Mostly about touring.
Flesh without Blood &amp; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Love Powerglide too
Yes
Rococo basilisk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
(Sigh) I do like Ty, but shes a friend. We are not dating.
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. Its actually true.
Im killin me lol
lol
Hi Sarah
Then Im going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Cryptocandy
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
What do you think were living in?
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
Im starting a candy company &amp; its going to be amazing
This will be bigger
I try so hard to help them
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
New Roadster will have that
Yes, definitely not
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Yup
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S &amp; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Exactly
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp; X are producing major positive cash flow &amp; Model is about to do same.
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Youre most welcome
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place &amp; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
Woke Frisbee
La la la
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Ars Technica
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Ok
Thats how I use my eyebrows too
I have prehensile eyebrows
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Dont make me use my space lasers
I know such an underserved market
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex &amp; Psycho on playlist
Mostly not
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working /7 to activate several hundred more.
Russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Doing our best
Now
Driving a Model and playing
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
We already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in Pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesnt become a dead satellite. Need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like Mr Steven.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Too wasted to remember
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in Q3 &amp; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Maybe a little
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
I love trolls
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Place your bets
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
How many views?
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Free viewing ends in about hours
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Similar timing
So probably July
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
The cat videos are awesome
at M views after hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Exactly
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
This is false
Oh, its on
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven
What about this?
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
As you wish
Its the best
"Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by ""Teslaquilla"" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!"
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Important news in a few hours
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
Everythings better with fire
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Tru drat
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel &amp; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
And they said Id never be a rock star
Yes
Uhh, its literally made of rock
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Prob May
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Shocker
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Youll live
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB &amp; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Ok
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Literally never seen it even once
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Whats Facebook?
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
Umm...yes
Yes
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sorry
Model X pulls a lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
Thanks!
Sounds like this canton has style!
Ok
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Better to be in the Model X
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Petra and Mars
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel &amp; Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
Yes
Good point
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Resist
Thinkularity
Thud!
Great idea!
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
On the Westworld set with my bro
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
No, its not
None of the above
Tunnels
Because blue
I guess you could say its a mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. So, yes, a bus.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Definitely
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. Its a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone cant afford a car, they should go first.
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Heavy sigh
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US &amp; China should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Depends on what you mean by doom
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Almost done
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
And New York
And we are even worse than that in California
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
About a month
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon as it falls back from space at
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Thats just random
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
My new toaster
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
No
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Of course
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Love and Rockets
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt.
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Currently over Australia
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ and
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for :45 liftoff
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Flight profile
Live webcast of the launch at
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Thanks
Regular departures ...
Starman in Red Roadster
Florida time
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Mars Awaits
Pale blue dot
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowies Life on Mars.
Customs problem solved!
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they wont allow shipment of anything called a Flamethrower. To solve this, we are renaming it Not a Flamethrower.
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Release candidate in final testing phase
No
I think weve figured it out
Yes
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Flamethrowers sold out
Of course
Yes
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
From the worlds leading experts in zombie defense
Now thats a real flamethrower
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
k
~3k
So hard to keep future product releases secret
k
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Coming soon
Sure
Sentience is overrated
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
Ok
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
The rumor that Im secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Hmmm
Unless you like fun
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
ordered already, only left!
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Dont do this
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
Great for roasting nuts
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Say hello to my little friend
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so.
Check for updates
Done
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Near
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
Coming very soon
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Ok
Sure
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
Was gonna say well do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun
Should be in next update
Done
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry for the delay. We have the most advanced AI neural net of any consumer product by far, so its going through exhaustive testing. The results are blowing me away though and I think you will have a similar experience.
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that youd truly love. I hope you do. How can we improve further?
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Ok
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
True
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Yes
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Isnt it obvious?
If you liked tonights launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: rocket cores &amp; X thrust. cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. rd lands on droneship.
Never heard of it
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
It was definitely aliens
Launch underway
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
How much is it?
I love Twitter
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Pics soon
With people around, so you can see scale
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Knight Rider is real
Thanks!
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Wheres the evidence!?
I also support the Concave Earth and Hollow Globe Societies. Just covering my bases
HG2G
k
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Sorry
Youre an idiot
This depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yes
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
Yes
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Safest flamethrower ever
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over hats sold!
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first
Yes
Do it
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary
Deal
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Because its stupid
Maybe
Every th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
Hat
Yes
Busted
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Yeah
Yes
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
Kinda
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
int main(){}
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Wow, they played D&amp in D&amp
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Adjusting soon
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Good point
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Tesla Semi
to km/h in sec
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
... say scientists among other insights gained after a large vat of LSD overturned in the lab. Also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. The last point remains heavily debated.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Sure ...
"""If one day, my words are against science, choose science."" Mustafa Kemal Atatrk"
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Atatrk Antkabir
One rocket, slightly toasted
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Its true tho
Groan
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Now at hats
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
It all comes full circle
"Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. ""And be my love in the rain."""
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost hats sold so far. Whoever buys the th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
And other places
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
Party time!
"To be more inclusive, how about a ""pick your tech level"" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ..."
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
This weekend
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Jupiter is big
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
"There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is ""What color?"". Don't need a configurator for that."
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Yeah
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably to weeks
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Or do you?
High pain tolerance
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
I believe I can fly
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Yup
Part
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Moon Base Alpha
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Yes
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Good
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
Of course
High res version at
Most of it
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Actually ... yes
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Yes
Exactly
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Zeroth Law
It begins ...
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
Feature coming soon
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
That's pretty much why we did it
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Brakes
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Yes, it is
A tiny one
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Call it ~800mph
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only miles long. Very high accel/decel needed
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
"Tesla does not really have ""TTunes"". That's a joke."
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably m or so
Exactly. Yeah.
Intentionally? Yes
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
I played those games
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
I'm not the CEO of Ball Mason Jars. Also, not judging
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
I can't hide the truth any more
Yes
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
"We are going to move all info and settings to the ""cloud"" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you"
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I love Kermit
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
For sure
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
Coming soon ...
Hi Mom!
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
y
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
And let's not forget the forum on which we are posting I've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on Twitter.
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Looking forward to launching astronauts to the International Space Station next year!
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Sure hope so
Batteries!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Umm ...
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
Yeah
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Model Interior
Yes
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Yes
Sure
Watched them personally to make sure &amp; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
First!
Second
Third
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model handover tomorrow night ...
If we're lucky
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Movie on the subject coming soon...
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Kinda have to
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
y
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
y
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Good point
Fixed. Now it's good.
Yes
Stay tuned
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
We do that too, but for free
Hopefully
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
That doesn't sound right
"Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed (""Other US"" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not."
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
Cool!
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Of course!
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Cool
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
"Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a ""posse"" &amp; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery."
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
Stop biting my finger dammit
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks ! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was km, Falcon achieved km.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
Model passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Norway is awesome
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
Coming later today
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
Suggestions welcome!
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Across the road and below the ground
Perspective
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
News on Sunday
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Exactly
Me too
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
I love floors
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Still humans
Significantly improves control force
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
Sticking to
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Technically, Ironyman
Thanks! Looks cool.
Damn, I forgot bacon
In life, there are no easy choices
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Radiation
Groan
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will extend
Over km should be possible in a D with the right tires
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
Cool
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
There's a plot!?
ujelly?
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
It's time they knew
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
Hawthorne, California
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
How'd you know?
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Damn Stonecutters!
"Was no ""company"", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees &amp; didn't even own Tesla Motors name."
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
Exactly
Congrats Robb!
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
"Worth watching ""Who Killed the Electric Car?"" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction"
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
"Good point, will add ""cancel nav"" to voice commands"
Too awesome
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Cool
No, it's not!
Yes
Tap cancel on the screen
"Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say ""Play Monty Python"" or ""Navigate home"" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well."
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Yeah, coming back
Coming soon!
Partly
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
I mean also
Not yet
Yeah
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Yeah
Yeah
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Could be worse
We can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
Read
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
You're welcome!
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Seems that way
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Yeah, I counted
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Obviously
SEC disclosures, etc
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Or is it more about the way you use it?
I hope I'm wrong
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Great comedy! They should write for .
Most likely
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
California Cabernet
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Proud of my Mom
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Exactly
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Good point
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Coming soon
Yeah
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
And then some
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
A lot
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Yes
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Yes
Comparing Model S vs Model
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Busted
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
True
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
Exactly
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model , Model X &amp; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
Wear underpants
Will do
Black and textured slate versions will be
Yes
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
"Still agree with Tim's points. What ""you"" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time."
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but yeah
We got stuck
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What pun?
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Moonlight Sonata
Robots that learn by example from
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
And ... it's done
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather.
Yes
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes. Good.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Yes
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
"I know what you're thinking then why not ""the Third""? Well, I've learned my lesson about 's."
"By calling it ""the Second"", it has more credibility"
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Boring Not Boring
Good one
Been done
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
Landing
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at % of the theoretical load limit.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
My boring TED talk
Couldn't agree more
Extremely
Even more boring
Boring
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
On it now
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Yes
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
July
Pickup truck unveil in to months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Yeah
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
And so the robots spared humanity ...
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Et tu, Walt?
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
It won't matter
Pretty good
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Working on it
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
A lot
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend &amp; Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Thanks Phil!
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
No
You won't care
What gave me away?
No
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
Long Neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Yes
Yes
I believe so
Yup
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Yeah
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
No problem
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
I think so
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Tues/Wed
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Tues/Wed next week
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
How about now?
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Definitely
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yes
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
"Am noticing that many people think Model is the ""next version"" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true."
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
is a great car, but definitely Model S
Good point
I wish. It's so annoying.
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Ok
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
"Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda ""digitizes"" DC power"
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
Self-hatred
Thanks JJ!
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
of course
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
Exactly
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Just posted a video
Baby came back
no
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&amp risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
spacex's photo
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
I used that one
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
"Apparently, there is this thing called ""Dad jokes"" and I make them"
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
yes
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
yes
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to mph in sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
Almost ready
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Numeric
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them
"Not perfect &amp; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to ""1st"" place means it's essentially on par"
Fair point, sorry
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Exactly
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
"Good grief, I'm not ""working"" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction."
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Mostly anti-drug laws
Exactly
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
True!
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this
I wish!
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
Wow, cool!
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
maybe
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Minecraft
Yes. Green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. Work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
yes
Headline &amp; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Strategic &amp; Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President.
It is not
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the countrys challenges
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yup
Maybe next month
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
No they don't
Was wondering what those were
Sigh
That may be a difficult award to decline
"Tillerson also said that the risk of climate change does exist and he believed action should be taken"""
"... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."""
"Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: ""I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ..."
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
months maybe, months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
For now
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Yes
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Report highlight: The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost percent after Autosteer installation.
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
One million
Falcon before launch
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yes
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
"Rewatched ""Ghost in the Shell"" and the end of ""Colossus: The Forbin Project"""
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates degrees and does a retro burn
It does
Liftoff
All satellites deployed
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
It is
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
It will
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
via
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph &amp; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Churchill (non) quotes
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Many UI improvements coming
This chart is a big deal
Predicting macroeconomics is challenging, to say the least. My gut feel is maybe around spring or summer , but not later than .
If history is any guide, not many will make it past the next recession
Probably not wrong
I do
Wow, working on this problem has soaked up a lot of my time &amp; brain cycles over the past ~7 years! This and Starship engines are currently the two hardest problems.
Ashok was the first person recruited from my tweet saying that Tesla is starting an Autopilot team!
Yes
~700nm to ~400nm
FAA approval is the schedule driver. Their latest update says end of February.
Lex asks great questions
Most people still have no idea that sustainable energy generation is growing so fast
The resolution of the universe is not smaller than Planck length
All of reality can be simulated with ones &amp; zeroes
Yeah, the smarter someone is, the harder it is to simulate/predict their behavior
Now that the Webb telescope has been launched, they will have to spend more on rendering haha
It is simulations all the way down, until you get to one bit
People are able to break any laws made by humans, but none made by physics
Physics formulas are the rendering rules
So much of AI is about compressing reality to a small vector space, like a video game in reverse
Useful mass to orbit is what matters
As goes Norway, so goes the world. That said, still a long way to go to replace the fleet of combustion vehicles on the road.
Now $1.25
Congratulations, this is major!
Me
Floki Santa
Merry Christmas
Or Tesla!
Interesting
Its good
That was a crazy tough year. Tesla financing closed at pm Christmas Eve last hour of the last day possible. Payroll would otherwise have bounced two days after Christmas.
It was a shamefully low blow from WSJ
And many other things
No, thats some tool with senior editor privileges who keeps putting that there
History is written by the victors except on Wikipedia, as your enemies are still alive &amp; have lots of time on their hands
My wiki is such a dumpster fire . Thats how you know it isnt curated.
A lot will be added
Tesla holiday software update goes to wide release today!
Tesla is technically a car like an iPhone is technically a phone
looks good, rolling out today
Good idea
Thats why Im pro Doge
The book is
Lots of Tesla cars to deliver before year end! Your support in taking delivery is much appreciated. Thanks also to the Tesla team working hard during the holidays!
Yeah, I didnt have a house in the Bay Area for over a decade, despite spending half the week there
Whereas radar has trouble seeing small pedestrians, theyre obvious to Tesla vision
Disney restricted us to US only
Yes, but if we find unexpected bugs, release might be delayed until th
Yes
Tesla holiday software release being tested with internal owners today. Broader rollout starts tomorrow evening.
Were aiming for a significant improvement for owners outside the US around March, depending on regulatory approvals
Its a great whistle!
When the b preprogrammed sales complete. There are still a few tranches left, but almost done.
This assumes completion of the b sales
Pure vision, especially when using explicit photon count, is much better than radar+vision, as the latter has too much ambiguity when radar &amp; vision disagree, it is not clear which one to believe
A strong bias towards consumption tax makes sense
People who dont create products &amp; services dont realize that it takes hard work to produce products &amp; services
Agreed. Taxes do need to be collected, but what is the best way to do this that maximizes area under the curve of the happiness of the people?
A lot of improvement still coming just from software updates to satellites &amp; terminals
I talked about Falcon &amp; Heavy for over a decade!
Still kinda hard to believe it is working
Absolutely
th SpaceX rocket landing was today
Just keep going. Its in there somewhere.
m something something
Has anyone seen web3? I cant find it.
With Starlink, you could stream video &amp; play online games
True. Ask your airline for Starlink!
Game on
Sometime in
Maybe Im partly Chinese!
For those wondering, I will pay over $11 billion in taxes this year
Yeah
Im not suggesting web3 is real seems more marketing buzzword than reality right now just wondering what the future will be like in , or years. sounds crazy futuristic!
Might very well be
Given the almost unimaginable nature of the present, what will the future be?
Tesla will hold a Giga Texas grand opening party with factory tours for the community in early
Words are very lossy compression of thoughts
Long way to go to perfect it, but Starship is really next-level
Sounds like a good book
It may, especially in our galaxy at this time
Looks like twitter is compressing the image
Better resolution
Should be taught to all at a young age
That matches my understanding
Absolutely
All Raptor tests going forward
traceroute woke_mind_virus
Silco &amp; Jinx headline Coachella?
Still aiming for booster &amp; Ship for first orbital test flight (this is pure coincidence!)
Coming
is close, so just jumping to that
Probably
Haha, this is not even its final form! Although, pretty close. Cape is hopefully this summer.
Tesla FSD plus holiday fun software release probably Tuesday
The ship is just begging for three more vacuum engines to be added. Tanks will stretch for more propellant load.
degrees
Yup. Next booster will have Raptor engines, with steering. Ship is being upgraded to engines (3 sea-level gimbaling, vacuum fixed) with increased propellant load.
Each Raptor engine above produces metric tons of force. Raptor just started production &amp; will do + tons or over half a million pounds of force.
Starship Super Heavy engine steering test
Interesting
The great state of Massachusetts deserves someone better
This is such a deeply messed up lie to the American people. She is the one freeloading off taxpayers, while Im paying the largest amount of tax of any individual in history. Is really someone we want as a US senator?
Still much to be done, but it has that potential
This is a big deal
It might be
Wow, this video took a lot of work!
Trondheim sounds cool
I saw it. Whoa, pretty dark! Nice Bladerunner reference.
Wait, people *pay* him to speak lmaooo
I havent read the book, but Sonis questions were incredibly insightful &amp; his attention to detail was superlative
Add some tats -&gt; hipster xenomorph
Is there anything more tragic than unrequited love?
Yeah, I mean seriously wth!!
[ahem]
(Lack of) Joy Reid is a lobbyist for Sen Karen
Old school shell game
Giga Texas is a $10B+ investment over time, generating at least k direct &amp; k indirect jobs
Literally
I came to the US with no money &amp; graduated with over $100k in debt, despite scholarships &amp; working jobs while at school
Its complicated, but hopefully out next quarter, along with Witcher. Lot of internal debate as to whether we should be putting effort towards generalized gaming emulation vs making individual games work well.
Yeah!
I love Dilbert! Use it all the time to illustrate that were doing something wrong at Tesla/SpaceX if it could be a Dilbert cartoon irl. This happens more often than Id like (sigh).
That is weird
Highly recommend all of
Thanks!
Congrats
Shes tryin call to the manager rn
Sneaky, but ineffective, like the rest of what she does
Explain yourself
What a hypocrite!
Interesting
Thank you!
Yup, thats the plan!
Dont spend it all at once oh wait you did already
And if you opened your eyes for seconds, you would realize I will pay more taxes than any American in history this year
X is pretty great
Thanks Jim!
Please dont call the manager on me, Senator Karen
You remind me of when I was a kid and my friends angry Mom would just randomly yell at everyone for no reason
Stop projecting!
This is the revolution in medicine
Yeah
No stylist, no makeup either haha
Lori did a lot of good
That is how I feel about myself! Oh wait
Very hard
Yup
Munro rocks!
Tesla will make some merch buyable with Doge &amp; see how it goes
Thanks
Will also be important for Mars
SpaceX is starting a program to take CO2 out of atmosphere &amp; turn it into rocket fuel. Please join if interested.
Penalizing sustainable energy is insane
I will ask Dan for some tips!
Forgot to mention the Mosquito, which was arguably the most innovative airframe design
Thanks bro
Overall kill ratio was :1, but kill ratio against the Zero was :1
Apologies for any errors in this podcast!
Thank you!
Interesting payload number
True
She seems cool
I was slightly aiming for that
Sine qua non non
Sorry
Does anything actually work?
Literally
martians911
Yup
I think I mentioned octane too much haha but it was actually a big deal
Sonic, the Hedgehog, game coming to all Teslas!
Just did a episode with Dan Carlin. Hope you like it.
It takes years (time from conception to adult) to reverse demographic trends
Maybe a little
Sulla and the original Nero who was instrumental in defeating Hannibal are underrated
No better friend, no worse enemy
Real androids are coming
Very impressive development history
Absolutely
They have no idea
Um yes
Should arguably be called
next week is great
That is not the production wiper
Lasers can do anything
There will be a few tweaks before production
I do aspire to entertain the people!
Imbued gold/bronze color would be sick
Manufacturers have to ship cars with side mirrors by law, but owners are allowed to modify their cars. The wiper is what troubles me most. No easy solution. Deployable wiper that stows in front trunk would be ideal, but complex.
Not at first, but there are many third party options for wrapping
Cybertruck can have any color you want, so long as its nothing
Mars &amp; Cars
CGI IRL
Wow, only three weeks to ! What will will be like? Seems so futuristic! Will we be on Mars?
Hahaha ?1
maybe i will
Tesla China has done amazing work
Earth should be called Water
noobtoob
Congrats!
Rocket fleets grows
Amazing engine!
Shanghai is beautiful
Probably way sooner before its too hot for civilization
Unless susceptible to extreme natural disasters, nuclear power plants should not be shut down
Taxing all billionaires at % only drops national debt by ~10%, which is just one year of deficit spending
This is scary, somethings got to give
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary government program
Exactly!
There is a lot of accounting trickery in this bill that isnt being disclosed to the public
If temporary provisions in the Build Back Better Act become permanent, US national debt will increase by %!
Judith Cohen (Jack Blacks mother) also did important work on Apollo
Brain transplants
Booster production is currently ahead of engine production
Lot of people dont realize that you can watch almost any show in a Tesla
If you leave hydrogen out in the sun long enough, it starts talking to itself
Wow
Hopefully, this month, no later than next
Progress
Its true
Replacing faulty/missing neurons with circuits is the right way to think about it. Many problems can be solved just bridging signals between existing neurons. Progress will accelerate when we have devices in humans (hard to have nuanced conversations with monkeys) next year.
There are already minimum age requirements for the House, Senate &amp; Presidency. Reciprocally, there should be maximum age limits too.
I am definitely not saying that we can for sure do this, but I am increasingly confident that it is possible
Exactly
That always blows my mind. Sad thing is that we havent been back to the moon in half a century.
Did it myself
coming in a few days to address a few annoying issues
Looking forward to visiting. Ive heard its awesome.
A background in AI is not needed, just exceptional skill in software or computer design
Congratulations!
Coming soon. Lot of cool stuff.
Tesla publishes accident statistics quarterly. They are so much better than other vehicles, it is ridiculous.
As always, Tesla is looking for hardcore AI engineers who care about solving problems that directly affect peoples lives in a major way.
Good summary
He is quite a bossy dog
NFTs are jpeging the dollar
Landing on tower arms
My car is currently orbiting Mars
You betcha
Starships to Mars
We will soon make these real
Haha pretty much
Exactly
It is an honor to serve NASA and the countries of the International Space Station
A is hallowed spaceflight ground no place more deserving of a Starship launch pad! Will have similar, but improved, ground systems &amp; tower to Starbase.
Huge cranes are cool haha
This will look so awesome!
I love Norway!
Yes
It releases internally today, then rolls out to external beta in a few days if no significant issues are found
But yes
Product roadmap update on next earnings call
Yes
Will have both front &amp; rear wheel steer, so not just like a tank it can drive diagonally like a crab
Insane technology bandwagon
Initial production will be motor variant, with independent, ultra fast response torque control of each wheel
Is that a line graph in your pocket or just happy to see me?
Construction of Starship orbital launch pad at the Cape has begun
Yikes
Laws are on one side, poets on the other
Lets set an age limit after which you cant run for political office, perhaps a number just below
Dooooge
What should I do with it?
Web3 sounds like bs
I thought nothing could be nuttier than
They saw it coming
Starship will enable a quantum leap in deep space &amp; planetary science
Exactly
Doesnt even need maintenance just works!
The sun is absurdly, overwhelmingly the source of energy in our solar system
No, but you could get pretty far with rings of separately orbiting objects, like our solar systems asteroid belt
And the sun is technically green, as measured by peak photon count
But lower power density than a human
Friends &amp; pools are great
Yikes
Dont waste your money on that silly Apple Cloth, buy our whistle instead!
Blow the whistle on Tesla!
DayQuil + NyQuil
The magnitude of the Starship program is not widely appreciated. It is designed to extend life to Mars (and the moon), which requires ~1000 times more payload to orbit than all current Earth rockets combined.
Yes
If a severe global recession were to dry up capital availability / liquidity while SpaceX was losing billions on Starlink &amp; Starship, then bankruptcy, while still unlikely, is not impossible. GM &amp; Chrysler went BK last recession. Only the paranoid survive. Grove
The overarching problem is that we need better mental firewalls for the information constantly coming at us. Critical &amp; first principles thinking should be a required course in middle school. Who wrote the software running in your head? Are you sure you actually want it there?
Its getting fixed
Suits will need to be made in high volume at an affordable cost &amp; be much easier to use
We had to shift some Starlink satellite orbits to reduce probability of collision. Not great, but not terrible either. Station &amp; Dragon have micrometeorite shields (ultra high velocity impact absorption), but EVA suits do not, hence higher risk for spacewalk.
years later, games are photo-realistic D worlds. What does that trend continuing imply about our reality?
I love a great whine
Splish splash
Just dropping some friends off at the pool
Humanity shall return!!
Oh man, this year has been such a supply chain nightmare &amp; its not over! I will provide an updated product roadmap on next earnings call.
Cybertruck will reach far into a post-apocalyptic future &amp; bring that technology to now
Cybertruck is intentionally an insane technology bandwagon
Variable gain (steer by wire) yoke would be ideal
Acid test for new interface is use it for weeks &amp; see if you still want old version. After using yoke for few weeks, I didnt want wheel.
Yoke allows unobstructed view of the screen
A lot has happened in years
USA benefits greatly from Indian talent!
It will still be very intense, just slightly less than in the past
This is true. Also, Tesla employees get health insurance, stock &amp; other benefits.
Nice
The most ironic outcome is the most likely
Yeah
Hypothetically, if they did make lots of electric cars, then they would be the leader
Exactly
Good thread
Figuratively &amp; literally
Yup
We learned our lesson with $465M DoE loan received in /2011 onerous terms exceed value of money received. Thats why we paid it back so early, despite an early repayment penalty.
Must be nice living in Cloud Cuckoo Land
Maybe drive an upright Falcon past the White House flying a giant Stars &amp; Stripes with a marching band playing I can see clearly now?
Thats our initial interstage design that we scrapped
Combined Tesla+SpaceX market cap is now over $1.2T, which means $4.9B is less than % of combined company value
It has always been Teslas view that all subsidies should be eliminated, but that must include the massive subsidies for oil &amp; gas. For some reason, governments dont want to do that
Great speech, couldnt agree more!
Great, hope yours is too!
Haha true
Absolutely!
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Hope you have a great day. Your support over the years is super appreciated
Seriously!!??
Avenge the dinosaurs!!
Why watch it happen instead of helping making it happen?
Sorry it took so long
Jay rocks!
Yes
Same
Such miracles are beyond us
If we are able to make life self-sustaining on Mars, we will have passed one of the greatest filters. That then sets us up to become interstellar. Earth is ~4.5B years old, but life is still not multiplanetary and it is extremely uncertain how much time is left to become so.
Earth has been and will be smashed super hard by meteors over time. Not a question of if, just when.
In , comet Shoemaker-Levy smashed a hole in Jupiter the size of Earth
This will be really important one day. Much is made of meteor impacts that destroyed most life on Earth, but there were far more that merely destroyed a continent. Comets (not asteroids) are the real wild card, as were only able to track ~4600 out of ~1 trillion.
About to launch asteroid defense test!
That is the great question
Exactly
Exactly (sigh)
Sounds good
It can simulate anywhere, but we need to focus on one region until FSD is out of beta, then expand geographically to have betas in other countries. Canada is not a lot different from US, but different enough.
High-performance code is in C using our own compiler to maximize frame rate. We use Python with custom libraries for fast prototyping, then convert to C for fast execution. New software is run against real-world video &amp; our world simulator to evaluate performance, then QA.
I dont use Binance (tried at one point, but signup was too many hoops to jump through), so no inconvenience to me personally. Just raising this issue on behalf of other Doge holders.
Our NNs didnt have any temporal &amp; spatial memory or surround video auto-labeling back then everything was knitted together in C++ from single frames with manual labeling. Still much to improve.
Doge holders using Binance should be protected from errors that are not their fault
Wisdom
Hey , whats going on with your Doge customers? Sounds shady.
I was able to do several zero takeover drives around Austin last night using random map pin drops (no Tesla has ever done these routes)
Yes
Hell of a rocket! Probably would have succeeded if Korolev had not died. Hopefully, Starship is more fortunate.
And all Model S &amp; X production for the world is still done in America, but whos counting
Giga Texas is epic
Ancient times
True
And I will talk to their manager!
The sheer physicality of changes in the brain during sleep or with serious neurodegenerative diseases is much higher than people realize
We do need to have the Fallout-themed party! Aiming to do that once international travel restrictions are lifted.
Meant to say county (sigh). Airport will be part of it, but required additional federal approvals.
Transforming America!
Its either traffic forever or tunnels. Try our first operational tunnel in Vegas at the convention center! The city just approved a full tunnel network, connecting major hotels, convention center &amp; airport.
Interesting eyes too
Long-term, ship would land on tower arms, like booster
Unlikely for early ships to splashdown intact. Getting to orbit at all on first try would be a major win.
Serious allegations deserve serious responses
Probably around March
It gives me solace
At least % of my tweets were made on a porcelain throne
Model S Plaid is sickkkk!!!!
I aspire to comedy
Lets see if we can get them to say the word Tesla!
King of the who!?
Maybe they are NPCs and Tesla just isnt in their dialogue tree?
Or perhaps some cheese
Its like if you want to buy a parrot
The IRS already has dedicated audit teams for high net worth individuals. The doubling of staff is for everyone else.
I bounce around WSJ, NYT, BBC, Bloomberg, WaPo &amp; twitter generally. Better to follow individual journalists than publications, as there is a wide range of quality.
I like the new direction CNN is going tho
Interesting
We are on the wrong planet for SSTO. On Mars, it is thankfully easy.
If Earths gravity was even % lower, Id be all for single stage to orbit
Yup
Unfortunately, there is just no way to make a motorcycle safe. Motorcyclist deaths per mile are ~29 times higher than car occupants.
Much has changed
Congrats! Orbit is not easy.
Bitcoin cures cancer
I love these shots
Electrical &amp; mechanical engineering
What my fathers work looked like when I was growing up
One of the improvements to FSD vision involves training with actual photon counts, so removing the filters used to make pictures pretty to the human eye
Should be coming back online now. Looks like we may have accidentally increased verbosity of network traffic. Apologies, we will take measures to ensure this doesnt happen again.
A simpler time, it was
Checking
Hopefully tomorrow
Fractured but whole
. Keith, is this about right?
Tragically, it is not clear that the defense contractors can get to the moon for any amount of money. More than $200B has been spent on development of new US crewed space transport systems over past ~40 years, but only Dragon is flying. Development cost to NASA was &lt;$2B.
Its good to be open about ur vulnerabilities
This launch mount is not easy to build
I suspect that article was written before the drive even took place
Dont want to brag but Im the best at humility
There were no EV incentives (nor did we expect them) &amp; gasoline was super cheap, so tough to make the case for electric cars. My guess was that we had &lt;10% chance of success &amp; most people thought %. The history car startups is just one big graveyard.
Thats what I was thinking too!
If only he could find those chaos emeralds
Is he ever not grumpy!?
So fast and yet so slow
Yes
True
Its great that theyve changed their tune these days, but the truth is that GM tried damn hard to kill the electric car! If not for competitive pressure from Tesla, they would be doing nothing.
Exactly
Indeed
Sigh
Propublica should be bottom left
Grover Gardner rocks
Is this real?
It is hard to find good sources of relatively objective news these days. Any suggestions?
We are choked with news and starved of history Durant
My comments starts at :49 mark
Talked about Starship with National Academies Space Studies Board
It does need people!
Accept worst case outcome &amp; assign it a probability, which is usually very low. Now think of good things in life &amp; assign them probabilities many are certain! Bringing anxiety/fear to the conscious mind saps it of limbic emotional strength. Cheery fatalism is very effective.
Limiting factor for first launch is regulatory approval. Thereafter, fundamental issue is solving engine production. Prototypes are easy, production is hard.
True, although it will look clean with close out panels installed. Raptor has significant improvements in every way, but a complete design overhaul is necessary for the engine that can actually make life multiplanetary. It wont be called Raptor.
million pounds of thrust at liftoff
Indeed. Over time, Tesla will generate hundreds of billions for the government in terms of employee income tax, product sales tax and property tax, in addition to profit taxation.
Accurate thread
We are waiting for permit approval from Santa Monica
I like to dig my grave real deep
Exactly
Burry is a broken clock
The hard work by FAA, US Fish &amp; Wildlife and Texas Parks &amp; Wildlife is much appreciated, as well as the strong local support from Cameron County and Brownsville / South Padre!
Normal money is actually a bunch of ancient mainframes running cobol in batch mode, where govt can edit money database whenever they want
Exactly
Yes, that is the other major source of dilution. All employees receive stock after a year at Tesla and we now have over employees worldwide.
That loophole does seem questionable
I had majority control for the first years or so of Tesla, but car companies need lots of capital, so now Im around % or so, despite putting in as much as I could along the way
Agreed, taxes are best applied to (especially extravagant) consumption, whereas capital allocation taxes reduce goods &amp; services output, so actually bad for the people. Probable capital allocation skill of heirs is lower than original creator, so I am in favor of an estate tax.
Regretamine, its like a % tax on all your regrets!
His stance on ketamine was bold
How do we know he hasnt been kidnapped by aliens!?
Ok, how much do you think is fair? Does % seem reasonable?
Inflation is the most regressive tax of all, yet is advocated by those who claim to be progressive
Due to inflation has gone up by
Bernie is a taker, not a maker
Exactly
Want me to sell more stock, Bernie? Just say the word
Soon, that list will grow much longer as humanity reaches new heights!
I keep forgetting that youre still alive
A careful observer would note that my (low basis) share sale rate significantly exceeds my b (high basis) option exercise rate, thus closer to tax maximization than minimization.
How about predictions for ?
Super proud of the great work by the SpaceX team!
Please dont read too much into this. As mentioned publicly, Tesla is constrained by chip supply short-term &amp; cell supply long-term. Not possible to produce additional vehicles in volume until both constraints are addressed.
Ive actually been living in a ~$50k house in south Texas for past years, not Boxabl (cool product tho). Feels more homey to live in a small house.
Megapacks are deployed to stabilize the grid itself, especially effective for absorbing peak loads. They save consumers money.
Such a beautiful day to launch
The rocket fleet grows
Best plane ever
Tesla Megapack batteries will help stabilize the grid this winter
Orbital Flights
Should work everywhere for global maritime by roughly middle of next year (enough sats with laser links launched). Until then, it will be patchy when far from land.
Inter-satellite laser communications means Starlink can carry data at speed of light in vacuum all around Earth before touching ground. Over time, some amount of communication can simply be from one user terminal to another without touching the Internet.
Exactly
It is a very impressive history
Once the board was presented with the evidence of Eberhards deception/fraud &amp; the dire state of the company, all board members, including those he appointed, voted unanimously to fire him in August .
Thinking of doing a podcast Hardcore History style that tells what really happened at Tesla in those early years
He came damn close to killing Tesla through a combination of bad management decisions, driving out talented people, bad engineering, major blunders in supply chain &amp; an elaborate deception about the true cost &amp; schedule of the Tesla Roadster.
Founding story of Tesla as portrayed by Eberhard is patently false. I wish I had never met him. Eberhard is by far the worst person Ive ever worked with in my entire career. Given how many people Ive worked with over the years, thats really saying something
Good static fire with all six engines!
No guarantees, but maybe next month. Requires quite a lot of incremental testing &amp; code tweaks for different road system in Canada.
Hoping to start releasing to scores with V10.5 in about days
Ancient times
I hope theyre able to achieve high production &amp; breakeven cash flow. That is the true test. There have been hundreds of automotive startups, both electric &amp; combustion, but Tesla is only American carmaker to reach high volume production &amp; positive cash flow in past years.
Pattern on the Starlink router is orbital transfer ellipse from Earth to Mars
New UAW slogan: Fighting for their right to steal money from workers!
Interestingly, however, average power density of the sun is comparable to a compost heap (humans are more power dense than the sun) it is just very, very big
There are many other good causes, but this is my main reason for accumulating capital. The resources I consume personally are very low.
As described in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (great book), a linear accelerator would be great for the moon. Earths gravity is too high &amp; atmosphere too dense for accelerators to be a good solution vs reusable boosters imo.
Still blows my mind that this is real
And that is a very tiny fraction of the ~4 megatons of mass that the sun converts to energy every second
Sometimes theyre a little -dimensional
I have all their albums
(Zero is a cool concept)
Nothing matters
lifetimes ago
Dragon enters like a shooting star
Really just comes down to iron cathode for medium range vehicles &amp; stationary storage vs nickel cathode for long range vehicles
Important
The Starship fleet is designed to achieve over times more payload to orbit than all other rockets on Earth combined. Almost no one understands this.
True
Actually, tons for SpaceX in Q3 &amp; aiming for tons in Q4. That said, China launch mass to orbit is extremely impressive.
Coming soon
. ahem
Why does ur pp look like u just came?
I had too many bottles of Teslaquila!
Exactly
I was prepared to accept either outcome
Doing the opposite of whatever that insufferable numbskull says would be a great way to invest!
We are rolling out slowly, as there are many subtle hardware differences in the owner fleet. If it continues to look good over the next few days, we may start rolling out to safety scores.
Will consider
Tesla Autopilot spends a lot of effort on minimizing jerk
Roll them
* abide(n)
Note, I do not take a cash salary or bonus from anywhere. I only have stock, thus the only way for me to pay taxes personally is to sell stock.
I will abide by the results of this poll, whichever way it goes
Wrath of the Khans
Much is made lately of unrealized gains being a means of tax avoidance, so I propose selling % of my Tesla stock. Do you support this?
I say this frequently
Haha true! The top alternate name, if we couldnt acquire the Tesla Motors trademark, was Faraday, which a competitor ended up using.
Some late-breaking issues with . Were deploying a patch to internal beta vehicles around am tomorrow. If that goes well, we may be able to release to external beta vehicles on Sunday. Many good improvements.
Seems that way. Publishing their transaction ledger would clarify matters.
We will post finer-grained details of software improvements going forward
Exactly. Improved memory will cause predictions to converge &amp; reduce jitter.
Hype^Hype
In the future, any Tesla you use will automatically sync to your preferences
Probable
Neural net upgrades coming that improve persistence across time &amp; space (better object permanence)
Cool
Not yet. They should just post their transaction ledger. Must be somewhere.
And Mars
Haha true
So are tunnels
Yup, even the moon
How about my lil doge Floki? He would make a great CEO! His judgment is .
What they are doing is just not right
sigh
Me!
Youre welcome! If any of this is based on Hertz, Id like to emphasize that no contract has been signed yet. Tesla has far more demand than production, therefore we will only sell cars to Hertz for the same margin as to consumers. Hertz deal has zero effect on our economics.
Humankind
Almost finished Jngers Storm of Steel. Intense. Great book.
Its simulations all the way down, until eventually its just bit
- Everything on the Internet is true! - Externalize responsibility! - If you are able to do this, buy crypto!
Absolutely
He talks like an NPC with a limited dialogue tree
Srsly
He looks good even for a -year-old!
Both of those factories failed &amp; shut down long ago. Strange thing to brag about.
Literally cant tell if this is real or deep fake
Should be a term limit for these appointees
Trial program for opening Tesla Superchargers to other EVs has begun
Thanks!
Sanjay deserves a lot of credit for making X/PayPal succeed. Now helping SpaceX serve rural communities in India. Much respect.
Yup, nd UAW president in a row. Unlikely to be the last.
What happened here?
Biden is a UAW puppet
Please publish your current &amp; proposed spending in detail so people can see exactly where money goes. Sunlight is a wonderful thing.
By definition, since I own ~20% of Tesla, ~80% of stock gains necessarily went to investors &amp; employees!
Austin should be its city, not a San Francisco copycat
Tuition is in Dogecoin &amp; u get a discount if u have a dog
But it must be open source accounting, so the public sees precisely how the money is spent.
If WFP can describe on this Twitter thread exactly how $6B will solve world hunger, I will sell Tesla stock right now and do it.
Pretty close
Indeed. The factory was empty at the time, stripped of all equipment that wasnt worth even its scrap value. But we salvaged what was left &amp; fixed up the old machines so some could work again.
What gave it away!?
Thanks on behalf of Tesla
Unfortunately, yes
A culture of corruption his words
Nope, T is def first
Tesla Hertz Shorts
Universally admired
Obv
That would rock
It will have epic merch
Am thinking of starting new university: Texas Institute of Technology &amp; Science
We are so fluffy compared to a neutron star
We basically stole our product roadmap from Spaceballs
Gateway to Mars
Tesla always pays its debts
Cover story for Godzilla obv
Tax experts said they're not sure if claiming unrealized donations is legal, but admitted it's all very confusing, as the government is printing fake money and taxing nonexistent profits and nothing is real anymore.
Thanks for your support over the year !
The cemetery of automotive startups over the past century is very large &amp; will get larger. Tesla &amp; Ford are the only American car companies that havent gone bankrupt.
Indeed, US taxpayers actually profited from the Tesla loan
GM &amp; Chrysler were bailed out (money never repaid), but Tesla was not. Crucial Tesla investment actually came from Daimler in , from which they did very well. Tesla received govt energy efficiency loan in , by which time capital markets reopened. Loan was repaid early.
My plan is to use the money to get humanity to Mars and preserve the light of consciousness
US Federal Debt/GDP was % in , now it is % &amp; climbing fast
US national debt is ~$28,900 billion or ~$229k per taxpayer. Even taxing all billionaires at % would only make a small dent in that number, so obviously the rest must come from the general public. This is basic math. Spending is the real problem.
You can also talk through the car speaker. Great for practical jokes
Tentative plan is &amp; above starts uploading Friday afternoon next week. If we see any concerns, uploads will pause while we investigate, so might take a few days before everyone with safety gets beta . improves left turns across fast traffic &amp; stopping for gates.
FSD/AI team is doing great work. Will get superhuman good in upcoming releases. Note, we will slow down upload rate of releases going forward. First from QA fleet to employee cars for a day, then slowly releasing at ~1000 cars/hr to external beta on Friday aft.
That math is incorrect, but still a lot of devices per second! I guess if Tesla can reach M cars/year, that would be one every ~1.5 seconds!
According to their own estimates, this tax only covers ~10% of the $3.5 trillion spending bill. Where will the other % come from? The answer is you.
If I send you Doge, will you promise to send me Doge?
Wow, years ago
I feel like this has happened at Tesla a few times
I kinda like avocado toast &amp; pro level coffee tbh Starbase cuisine does an amazing job with those.
Another way of saying were in a simulation
Reducing traffic fatalities by % seems likely, perhaps ultimately by over %
This is more important than it may seem at first
Also, Tesla will soon be a German car manufacturer.
German car manufacturers will rebound strongly. They possess great talent, which will not sit idle.
But the Bee nails it again
Who is best at capital allocation government or entrepreneurs is indeed what it comes down to. The tricksters will conflate capital allocation with consumption.
Thanks
Truth is stranger than fiction
To be clear, cars sold to Hertz have no discount. Same price as to consumers.
I dont know about long-term, but short-term we are seeing strong inflationary pressure
Exactly. Eventually, they run out of other peoples money and then they come for you.
Id like to express appreciation to Tesla Autopilot engineering &amp; QA for working round the clock all weekend to resolve the problem
Sorry to Tesla beta users for the trouble! Issue turned out to be power saving mode interacting with FSD. Our internal QA fleet didnt see this, because cars are constantly in use, so very rarely enter power saving mode. Internal QA will obv test this case going forward.
Strange that moved valuation, as Tesla is very much a production ramp problem, not a demand problem
Wild $T1mes!
Indeed, this is intended to be useful advice, based on my extremely painful experience, not an attack in any way
Prototypes are trivial compared to scaling production &amp; supply chain. If those are solved, achieving positive gross margin is the next nightmare. Starting a second new vehicle line before first is working will divide resources &amp; amplify probability of failure.
That feature is coming
rolling out now
What if ur name is Johnson &amp; u just happen to work at Johnson &amp; Johnson?
Naughtius Maximus
Sclerotic democracy
Although Teams is pretty good
Macrohard &gt;&gt; Microsoft
Raptor has a larger throat diameter, so thrust is ~245 tons at bar
Maybe Optimus will have a cat girl version
erotic democracy &gt;&gt; sclerotic democracy
Pop music has both literal &amp; figurative Stockholm Syndrome
Wasnt easy
Lots of people I talked to on the production lines at Tesla or building rockets at SpaceX own Doge. They arent financial experts or Silicon Valley technologists. Thats why I decided to support Doge it felt like the peoples crypto.
Seeing some issues with , so rolling back to temporarily. Please note, this is to be expected with beta software. It is impossible to test all hardware configs in all conditions with internal QA, hence public beta.
Out of curiosity, I acquired some ascii hash strings called Bitcoin, Ethereum &amp; Doge. Thats it. As Ive said before, dont bet the farm on crypto! True value is building products &amp; providing services to your fellow human beings, not money in any form.
None
Possibly. Bitcoin was conceived at a time of relatively low bandwidth &amp; high latency. If both continue to improve substantially, we will reach a point when no second layer is needed.
Were working on this issue right now
Not recently. What matters imo is lowering fees, decreasing block time &amp; increasing block size. A single layer network with exchanges as de facto layer seems like the simplest solution for a medium of exchange.
As requested
Got to bar before RUD, but cause may be due to oxygen inlet pressure too low, rather than engine issues
We live in a gerontocracy
Plus crypto scams haha
Neither Jared, nor me, nor anyone I know has anything to do with this foundation
Your support makes a big difference! Please let the FAA know your opinion.
Yes
Regression in some left turns at traffic lights found by internal QA in . Fix in work, probably releasing tomorrow.
Come see the Apple Cloth
*In Dogecoin
Squid Game is Squid Game for ISPs
Hey QT314
Starbase under construction
Great!
I mean just the image
Can I retweet this in cropped form?
If all goes well, Starship will be ready for its first orbital launch attempt next month, pending regulatory approval
Tries to launch some rockets accidentally summons dark lord
Its gonna be great!
Interesting
Exactly
Shaking out the problems (literally) haha
Yeah, although early production cars will need camera upgrades, as well as FSD computer (all included in the price)
No, we expect some tiles to shake loose during static fires
Hopefully
Currently at ~270 bar, but working on upgrades to get it over bar
Raptor has a very high chamber pressure, which in turn allows for a large expansion ratio nozzle without flow separation at sea level
This will be cool
Beat the !
We are
Noooo
Very soon
Yeah, when were out of beta
Most likely
Absolutely
Well-said, Dr Aldrin!
Yup
Well-optimized Starship would do ~250 tons to orbit as expendable &amp; ~150 tons fully reusable
Nods
The day FSD goes to wide release will be one of the biggest asset value increases in history
Full &amp; rapid reusability is the holy grail of orbital rocketry
Most big companies in tech have turned into places where talent goes to die
Objectively, her track record is extremely biased against Tesla
cgi irl
Odd
Theyre required by law, but designed to be easy to remove by owners
Ovaltine is amazing!
I would gladly obey the chemtrails, but I dont understand what they are saying haha!
Luck is the best superpower
Good review
As soon as major construction is done, so maybe in a few months
Ive thought about and Im not sorry for party rocking
Autonomy must &amp; will work even with no connectivity
We can do that partially, but detailed rocket technology is considered advanced weaponry (same tech as nuclear missiles), so there are more limitations than at Tesla
Yeah
Maybe Buffett should invest in Tesla haha
Thanks Cameron County, Brownsville &amp; South Padre for your support! Much appreciated.
Thanks!!
Hopefully enough to extend life to Mars
We already have a giant, free fusion reactor in the sky called the sun. Just catch its energy with PV, store in battery &amp; youre pretty much done.
Correct
Technical details will be in release notes
Beta releasing Friday next week to all cars with /100 safety score
Pretty much
Fan art is the best
LASIK has improved so many peoples lives!
Great game
Haha
Congrats, was cool to send to space
If it possible to start an EV company without shipping any cars &amp; get a valuation less than a billion dollars!?
I hope they have a high pain tolerance. Scaling production, supply chain, logistics &amp; service is a world of hurt.
Yes, we are talking to airlines about installing Starlink. Please let them know if you want it on your airliner. Low latency ~half gigabit connectivity in the air!
These are strange days
They will
Many great suggestions in this thread!
Death Note, Evangelion, Ghost in the Shell, Spirited Away, Princess Mononoke, Full Metal Alchemist, Your Name
Cant wait to be in Genshin Impact
Hoping to get this done soon
Aspirationally for everyone
Godspeed Captain
Lasers
Maybe next week. Wed like to get to before expanding the beta.
Always
Agreed. Trying to get all the approvals needed to offer insurance is extremely difficult, but its coming.
Production, supply chain &amp; logistics are so hard!
Yeah
But they should go electric now. Less range, but so easy, quiet &amp; clean.
There is something great about the Cessna /182 design
Yeah, on its way (sigh)
Starship Launch Site
Beenz, Beenz the musical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
All the stairwells currently shown as wood-clad will actually have graffiti
Starship is a hard problem
Not to mention warm-up latency
Vision became so good that radar actually reduced SNR, so radar was turned off. Humans drive with eyes &amp; biological neural nets, so makes sense that cameras &amp; silicon neural nets are only way to achieve generalized solution to self-driving.
Just want to emphasize this is the work of hundreds of awesome engineers in both software &amp; hardware, over data analysts &amp; billions of owner miles
Low occlusion gates are challenging, but should be fixed soon
Beta now rolling out to cars with /100 safety score over miles
It will be available in perforated rolls
[puff, puff] what if the cure for cancer [puff, puff] was in the leaf ??
Its coming
Thanks for playing Giga Berlin!
I love ALW! Couldnt agree more. My dog Marvin is Havanese too, although Im *his* emotional support human.
Team is in fact working hard! They just confirmed is good to go tomorrow night.
Its true
Hell yeah
Sure hope so!
Physics ftw
These are nice, but high time we built a really big Tesla coil!
Cells &amp; FSD are massive, the rest is just beauty &amp; romance but life is empty without those last two
Yeah, headlights are precision LED, so they can be bright without blinding oncoming traffic, pedestrians &amp; cyclists
It will hopefully achieve sustained cycle time of seconds. At % uptime over an average week, thats ~10k/week if run /7.
Sunday/Monday
Das klingt nach Space Party
A few last minute concerns about this build. Release likely on Sunday or Monday. Sorry for the delay.
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg Spa-Party heute!
There are many small joys as you explore the car &amp; more to come via software updates
So crazy to have come this far!
Exactly
If youd like to join Tesla AI, but cant easily move to Palo Alto or Austin, that is acceptable for extremely excellent candidates where inefficiency of distance is overcome by talent
Sorry if weve been too dumb to respond to you. Please cite evidence of exceptional ability in a few bullet points. Nothing else matters.
Please consider joining Tesla AI software or hardware teams!
Im so dying to do a supersonic, electric VOTL jet, but adding more work will make my
Starlink is designed for low to medium population density, which means we can hit max users in some areas fast. Please sign up early to ensure a spot. As more satellites roll out, SpaceX will be able to serve more.
Should be nationwide rollout by end of month. Note, still limited by peak number of users in same area. This will improve as more satellites are launched.
Haha true
Definitely further refinements coming to (early beta) safety test score. It will be refined continuously until it is an extremely good predictor of crash probability. Exciting actuarial problem!
Sure
Its a big deal that Dragon is reusable, with improved refurbishment efficiency with each passing flight! This is not the case for other orbital spacecraft. It means the spacefleet grows every time a new Dragon is made.
Long list of mostly little items, but driving experience is significantly better. We will put notable changes in the release notes.
Everyone with a perfect score with get it. There are ~1000 owners with perfect scores. Maybe to by Friday night.
Note, quality of experience can vary dramatically, as our neural nets have far more training data in some parts of the country than others, but this should improve rapidly with more driving in those regions.
Yes
Try explaining it to a -month-old thats hard!
FSD Beta rolls out Friday midnight to ~1000 owners with perfect /100 safety scores. Rollouts will hold for several days after that to see how it goes. If that looks good, beta will gradually begin rolling out to scores &amp; below.
Tesla always pays its debts
This was *extremely* difficult. Huge props to Tesla engineering, supply chain, production &amp; key suppliers.
Floki Frunkpuppy
Wow!
Awesome, effortless ordering is our goal
Tough choice so many great movies but Spaceballs for me
Lookin good
Walk this way no, *this* way
I wish I had had the opportunity to talk to him
Same
Good point, will discuss with team. Floki pic tomorrow.
New Dune is good
I really wanted to like it
Amazing show about mission!
Manufacturing will be Teslas long-term competitive strength
This is real btw
And thanks very much to our suppliers &amp; logistics partners for coming through despite great difficulties!
Congrats Tesla team!
Will be Falcon size sooner or later
Pushed a week to align with
With &amp; Powerwall battery you are your own utility. /7 clean, sustainable electricity.
Hello , great pic! (Thats me waving)
That is the goal
Proof was good!
AMD has been great to work with!
No guarantees, but I think it will. This is a big part of what I meant by Teslas long-term competitive advantage being manufacturing technology.
SpaceX has sued to be *allowed* to compete, BO is suing to stop competition
Maxwell was incredible
Really?
Hamster has mad skillz!!
This is a serious concern.
We aim to do the most for the least $
Apologies, release will be a week from Friday
First few days probably /100, then , , etc.
Wow, lot of interest in FSD beta! Plan is to roll out version midnight Friday, then on-ramp ~1000 owners/day, prioritized by safety rating.
If tiles are not super thin, you get hot plasma waterfalling off edges of tiles, creating hotspots. That said, Im not entirely convinced that this couldnt be done with several overlapping scales of metal sheet with an insulator between scale armor &amp; primary structure.
Headed tank vent knocked off a few tiles
Cybertruck option package
Of course
ISIS
Where is Hitchcock when you need him?
Illustrates why Tesla sales will soon exceed mass of universe
In an electric future, batteries are as essential to transport as oil is today
Noted. You should be able to press mic button &amp; say bug report
Ok
A helpful case to consider, as the roads intersect at unusual angles
True
Comes in discreet packaging
Well ya see we need to reach around the rocket to uhh
Absolutely! Tesla team rocks
We use no cobalt at all in most of our cars &amp; tiny amounts in others (going to zero soon), whereas phones &amp; laptops primarily use cobalt
And booster used to be m, but this required an awkward half barrel width of steel, so now its m
Haha so true of rocket engine development
Very much a beta calculation. It will evolve over time to more accurately predict crash probability.
Yes
FSD Beta request button goes live tonight, but FSD needs another hours of testing, so out tomorrow night
Chris was an early employee of SpaceX, and made a significant contribution, but was not a cofounder
Maybe reality is a Rick &amp; Morty episode
I didnt think so at the time
So pointy!
Super important for Doge fees to drop to make things like buying movie tix viable
Giga Berlin will help a lot
That would break the NASA budget!
AI used to be , until last year
Birth rate collapse is the biggest threat to human civilization
We always do flight readiness reviews! This argument makes no sense.
Logistics is underrated
Exactly. Giga Shanghai makes cars for export in first half of quarter, then cars for far away parts of China, then cars for nearby parts of China. Net result is a crazy wave of deliveries end of quarter. It is tough on our team, so were hoping to reduce the wave in Q4 &amp; Q1.
Great view of Earth!
Tesla is the king of car farts!
Hopefully worldwide long-term, but insurance is a regulatory labyrinth/escape room!
The regulatory process for approval to offer insurance is extremely slow &amp; complex, varying considerably by state. Tesla is hoping to offer real-time (based on actual driving history) insurance in Texas next month. Probably next year before we get approval in New York.
Good point, we could enable visualization before control. Will enable that option hopefully next month.
should solve that last cone issue
Definitely upgraded toilets We had some challenges with it this flight.
Not super surprising, given that internal combustion engine cars literally have combustion in the name
Yeah, a little oven for heating food &amp; Starlink wifi
Just met with the crew in Florida to congratulate them in person. Such great people!
Tesla has not yet decided on a fourth Gigafactory location
To be precise, completely &amp; immediately reusable orbital rockets are the fundamental breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary
Which games did they like most?
Nice work!
Good
No, has to be turned on by car owner
Yes
Tesla insurance calculator will show status in real-time &amp; tell you what actions are needed to be rated good driver
days after approval to log driving style
Not a tiny engine
Remarkable how few people realize this capability exists. Many think it is years away! With public beta rollout in coming weeks, awareness should improve dramatically.
Seems that way
Looks fine. Take aspirin, call me in the morning.
Some amount of cooperation would be good
Absolutely
Hes still sleeping
Needs a little warming up
I wish there were more
So few products that you truly love
Count me in for $50M
Congratulations !!!
One of my favorite movies
Yes No, but it will get refilled &amp; maybe cargo transfer
Making life multiplanetary is an extremely hard, but not impossible, problem
Still basically nothing compared to the orbital mass flux needed for a base on moon or Mars
Probably will trap a Tesla with the production Autopilot build, but wont work with FSD. Using a ring of cones would stop FSD though.
It will be there
This engine needs to be X lower cost. Order of magnitude change is good reason for a new name. What really matters is not yet another advanced rocket engine, as there are many such devices, but there has never been a cheap (&lt;$1000/Ton-force) rocket engine. Not even close
Sigh
Long chain hydrocarbons, like kerosene, have excellent volumetric energy density, but what you really want for rockets is best way to bind hydrogen, which is CH4. Also, easy to make &amp; store CH4+O2 from CO2+H2O, which are abundant on Mars.
Fully reusable rockets want high T/W to minimize $/ton to orbit, because propellant cost actually matters
Automatically drive to most obvious location unless occupant says otherwise
With that, Ship is basically begging for an extra engines
Exactly
Ignition!
Throw in some hydrogen &amp; lithium for a real party
What propellant?
Moving at ~23 times speed of sound, circling Earth every ~90 minutes
Ironically, yes at this time. FSD beta system at times can seem so good that vigilance isnt necessary, but it is. Also, any beta user who isnt super careful will get booted. beta users operating for almost a year with no accidents. Needs to stay that way.
Yeah. Wed use our Ka parabolics or laser links for Dragon, Starship or other spacecraft as soon as they got above cloud level.
Sorry it was cold! Dragon will have a food warmer &amp; free wifi next time
Jay is right
Please add your voice to the public comments. Support is greatly appreciated! Humanitys future on the moon, Mars &amp; beyond depends upon it. Thanks, Elon
The lesson from tortoise &amp; hare is not that tortoises are faster, but rather that hares should not be complacent
September will be interesting
Technology probably ready in a few months, thereafter limited by regulatory approval
Beta button will request permission to assess driving behavior using Tesla insurance calculator. If driving behavior is good for days, beta access will be granted.
Yes
Next month
Good feedback from FSD Beta users! point release rolling out now. rolls out a week from Friday with beta request button.
Truth is stranger than fiction
Congratulations on a successful mission!
RIP, Sir Sinclair. I loved that computer.
Just spoke with crew. All is well.
Missions like Inspiration4 help advance spaceflight to enable ultimately anyone to go to orbit &amp; beyond
Thats my safe word too
Maneuverability is important for safety
Thanks Richard!
Thank you
It was an honor to wish you Godspeed before you left for orbit!
Watch Countdown on Netflix about Inspiration4 mission launching today
It is hard to overstate criticality of reusable rockets. No less important than reusable aircraft, cars or bicycles. Essential for humanity to become a multiplanet species &amp; backup the biosphere.
It has indeed become hard to find which platform has which show
Im not saying there are UFOs but there are UFOs
Also, we need to figure out how to render voxel height of unknown objects in a way that isnt horrendous
FSD predicts height from video pixels directly, without needing to classify groups of pixels into objects. In principle, even if a UFO crashed on the road right in front of you, it would still avoid the debris. Some work still needed to tune sensitivity.
Deep
Whether its stamp collectors in Andorra or petticoat aficionados in Lichtenstein, none can resist!
Nice work!
Gravitas
Nicheman (power of appealing to niche audiences) strikes again hahaha
Emojilution
They are not yet friends
Ok ok haha
Will do!
Floki has arrived
(Ahem)
Literally!
Forward flaps will change a lot in upcoming versions of Starship smaller &amp; more leeward
This is written by Ford/UAW lobbyists, as they make their electric car in Mexico. Not obvious how this serves American taxpayers.
Falcon is technically a heavy lift rocket. If flown as an expendable, payload to orbit is similar to Delta IV Heavy (~25 tons to LEO). And Starship is ~10 times bigger.
Nice drive
With , it will creep forward with more confidence &amp; quickly reverse back a little (just as a person would) if it sees danger
Think of Beta as enabling a significantly higher local maximum than Beta
To be fair, investors are giving us significant credit for achieving self-driving, given that Teslas valuation/production is very high compared to other automakers
Three weeks
Digital clock coming in weeks
Please challenge Tim of Apple to trial by combat
Didnt you sorta win?
Highway stack is still production version, as it is more polished than FSD for now. Single stack for all should release in .
Yeah
These are V1.5 Starlinks with laser inter-satellite links, which are needed for high latitudes &amp; mid ocean coverage
An early season episode of the Tesla soap opera!
Great work by Tesla team, with special thanks to Tesla Automation in Prm, who were critical to many high-performance parts of Plaid!
Exactly. Getting paid by the government to launch payloads at much lower prices than competitors is not government support.
Satellites with lasers in space [strokes white cat]
Alter falter! Dankeschn Nrburgring, Tesla wird geerht.
Booster static fire on orbital launch mount hopefully next week
Metallurgy Rlz
POV Hardcore
Track software update probably a few weeks away (I know, I know haha). Also waypoints &amp; other things.
Tesla doesnt have the bandwidth to do it, but there are some good third party mod shops
Next will be modified Plaid with added aero surfaces, carbon brakes &amp; track tires (all things that can be done without Tesla being in the loop)
Tesla Model S Plaid just set official world speed record for a production electric car at Nurburgring. Completely unmodified, directly from factory.
Maybe not, but its % dot products
The build Im driving right now is almost there. FSD will blow your mind.
Expansion will be gradual, based on ensuring maximum safety
Am I a yoke to you?
Yet another round wheel is boring &amp; blocks the screen. FSD in panoramic mode looks way better with a yoke.
Just messin with ya haha
Are you the same today as you were yesterday?
It seems to be working
Cybertruck is not like the others
That sums it up well!
Thanks! What is your favorite tea?
And if it doesnt work, hes gonna sue death!
Impressive!
Worth it
Many times
Thats one of my tests!
Tesla audio engineering is great
Im not always late haha
Large incumbent carmakers sell their cars at low to zero true margin. Most of their profit is selling replacement parts to their fleet, of which % to % are past warranty. Like razors &amp; blades. New car companies lack this advantage. Also lack sales &amp; service infrastructure.
Production is hard. Production with positive cash flow is extremely hard.
Korolev was amazing
Lot of good work happening on Tesla sound codec &amp; audio software in general. Aiming for maximum music dopamine in your brain!
Yes
A lot has happened in the past years
This is obv debatable, but Id call anything with ~300 miles / ~500 km of true usable travel distance long range, beyond that very long range
There are vast amounts of iron (and lithium) on Earth, but much less nickel. For global industry to scale battery production to ~10 TWh/year, it needs to be mostly iron. Higher energy density of Nickel only needed for very long range vehicles &amp; aircraft.
Our new cell is mm diameter with steel shell &amp; even that was huge challenge for propagation resistance
Yes. Physics of large cells means distance from cooling loop to center of cell is high, so harder to prevent hotspots. Then, pressure &amp; heat released from large cell in weak bag make it impossible to stop whole pack from burning. Pretty basic.
Time is the ultimate currency
Iron, the last element made in a star, appears likely to exceed nickel by :1 or more
Generally agree, but probability of thermal runaway is dangerously high with large pouch cells. Tesla strongly recommends against their use.
And Beta is a step change improvement from what you have!
Im fkn tryin
Ur welcome, pls be nice to the humans
Smoked ham
Good progress. Applying information theory to currency (which is just information), lower fees reduce noise &amp; faster &amp; more consistent sync time improve latency &amp; jitter.
The robots are coming anyway, as Boston Dynamics videos clearly show. I will not be able to ensure that robots made by other companies are safe, but I can try my best to do so at Tesla.
In general, I believe government should rarely impose its will upon the people, and, when doing so, should aspire to maximize their cumulative happiness. That said, I would prefer to stay out of politics.
Processing is not an issue. Lasers links alleviate ground station constraints, so data can go from say Sydney to London through space, which is ~40% faster speed of light than fiber &amp; shorter path. Also, no need for ground stations everywhere. Arctic will have great bandwidth!
Not sure, but maybe a few months. In general for any region, we need to make software work well, test it extensively &amp; then get regulatory approval. If we could go faster while being safe, we would!
Yes
What is love?
That is the aspiration, but we need to be cautious. Safety is always paramount at Tesla.
I mostly run alpha software in my car, which is not meant for public consumption. A few days before release, I switch my car to what public will experience.
Looks promising that Beta , about weeks later, will be good enough for public opt in request button
FSD Beta rolls out midnight Friday next week
I was in the Berlin paint shop talking to the team on my last visit. Its gonna be great! But bear in mind that it takes about a year for a new factory to reach volume production. Production is super hard work, which is why I have great respect for those who do it.
They can shake their fist at the sky
Norway FTW
Our new crane!
has been the year of super crazy supply chain shortages, so it wouldnt matter if we had new products, as none would ship. Assuming is not mega drama, new Roadster should ship in .
Great shots by
Maybe zap him on the head with our space lasers
Technically, data packets do not need to touch regular Internet data can flow from user terminal to satellite/s to user terminal
Our satellites launching in next few months have inter-satellite laser links, so no local downlink needed. Probably active in to months.
Filing legal actions against SpaceX is *actually* his full-time job
He should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists
Yup
Just figuring out the regulatory approval process
Sigh
Good point, agreed.
This might be part of the problem: GM is warning owners not to charge their Bolts in or near their homes overnight
Big Ass Fans are great!
The dark side of OnlyFans
Time to stop projecting &amp; cool off
No worries, situation is under control
True
Thank for bringing this up. Tesla will expedite service center openings. Have you tried our mobile service that comes to you?
Beta coming soon!
Am watching Star Wars: Bad Batch with lil baby X. Waiting for Season !
Stop projecting!
Hopefully first try with booster
Stage Zero
Tank treads on the arms
Booster has pins for lifting &amp; catching, although maybe its better to modify grid fins to take more load. Something will need to flip out from leeward side of top of ship to do same there. Maybe its part of fwd flaps, but prob not. Diff solutions for diff load paths.
SpaceX will try to catch largest ever flying object with robot chopsticks. Success is not guaranteed, but excitement is!
~110k
I added the Archangel-12 part and obviously have a fondness for the letter X
Doffs
The beauty of physics (truth)
Important
Exactly
Good to see you &amp; at Starbase
The rocket fleet grows
Falcon about to launch Dragon to
Black
Of course
Flying over Starbase
Ok
Yeah, we should tie Autopilot driving style preference &amp; various warning settings together in general
Dont want to be unreasonable, but maybe they should be required to deliver at least one vehicle per billion dollars of valuation *before* the IPO?
Sure
Good point
Pretty much
Yes
I thought was peak insanity, but is % more insane!
Good point. We do have torque reduction if an obstacle is detected, but active braking would be better. Prime directive is: do not crash.
Impressive render. Warts &amp; all! New version of Raptor is much cleaner.
Turns out Besos retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against SpaceX
Our intent with this pack is that product experience is roughly equivalent between nickel &amp; iron. Id personally slightly opt for iron pack, as it wants to be charged to %, whereas nickel prefers ~90%.
weeks
This is a risk, but not yet a limiting factor
Beta will be next-level
is a hydrogen sonata
Tesla China rocks!
Nice
We should be there with Beta , which goes out a week from Friday (no point release this week). It will have a completely retrained NN, so will need another few weeks after that for tuning &amp; bug fixes. Best guess is public beta button in ~4 weeks.
In general, we overfit to SF Bay Area
Nothings perfect haha
Its amazing by most standards, but we are aiming for % safer than the average human driver
Cant wait for new high bay!
Just drove FSD Beta from Pasadena to LAX. Much improved!
Nope
Our license applications are pending in many more countries. Hoping to serve Earth soon!
Ancient Doges
Now serving
k terminals shipped!
Nine rings for mortal men
FSD Beta is actually not great imo, but Autopilot/AI team is rallying to improve as fast as possible. Were trying to have a single stack for both highway &amp; city streets, but it requires massive NN retraining.
The Guns of August
Its basically the plot of Fallout: New Vegas
There is a profound difference between single-planet &amp; multiplanet species. If we are able to visit other stars one day, we may discover many long-dead single-planet civilizations.
To extend the light of consciousness
Summarized well
I never said this!
My son asked if we would still speak English years from now. I said probably not. There was not even the faintest hint of English years ago.
Deep cut haha
Hopefully
Bot is not directly on the path of accelerating a sustainable energy future, but it aspirationally improves the probability that the future is good
Pretty wild
True
Do they even know about the delta variant!?
Yes
Its a quintillion (10^18) floating point operations per second enough to simulate a human brain
We have almost all the pieces needed for humanoid robots, since we already make robots with wheels
On now
Will make a big difference
No, bottom static aero pushes engine section back, counteracting Starships low center of mass on reentry caused by the engine section. Aiming for to deg angle of attack during high heating portion of flight. Dont want to reenter with engines blasted by plasma.
Low center of mass. Bit like our ship &amp; booster on reentry.
Same
Probably slightly further forward, smaller, more inward. No funny looking static aero at top, as static aero no longer directly in flow.
Btw, theres a slight error with forward flap design. Moving section is needed for control, but passive section is counter-productive, as it pushes nose backwards. New design rotates fwd flaps more to leeward &amp; further forward to improve moment arm. Maybe ~120 deg apart.
Product ideas!
True
You can make anything fly haha
Yes
Impressive
Robyn is great
Beta or maybe . Going to pure vision set us back initially. Vision plus (coarse) radar had us trapped in a local maximum, like a level cap. Pure vision requires fairly advanced real-world AI, but thats how our whole road system is designed to work: NNs with vision.
, probably &amp; then maybe . Significant architecture changes in .
Improvements in :
Some unexpected last minute issues. Should go out in next day or two.
Real time
First orbital stack of Starship should be ready for flight in a few weeks, pending only regulatory approval
Probably sooner
We will make it happen!
Shower thoughts work best for me
Dont look here!
Were working on enabling public access to our restaurant!
Solar/wind + batteries + electric cars is obviously the future
Ive been saying this for a while
Mad respect for the makers
Demolition Man is coming true
Starship will enable humanity to become a multiplanet species
Major Supercharger openings in west LA coming soon!
Starship will be crushingly cost-effective for Earth orbit or moon missions as soon as its operational &amp; rapid reuse is happening. Mars is a lot harder, because Earth &amp; Mars only align every months, so ship reuse is limited to ~dozen times over to year life of ship.
All models do make use of aluminum casting, but new Y will be most advanced with /3 of body cast.
Sorry, its been pretty intense lately
Same
I have great respect for Kathy Lueders
Actual volume manufacturing, where cash in &gt; cash out, is so damn hard most people have no idea
The sad thing is that even if Santa Claus suddenly made their hardware real for free, the first thing youd want to do is cancel it
Super agree!
Seriously
In the end, its all about entropy
Touch
Soon, Mechazilla will have arms!
Natrlich
Vorfreude Waldeinsamkeit
Pics or didn hapn oh
As Jeffrey Besos is amply demonstrating
No amount of money can defy physics
Twitter DM laughing emoji is nightmare
Yes on both counts. That would be a great outcome for civilization.
Preferably, on Mars
I will welcome death when it comes
And ship will be caught by Mechazilla too. As with booster, no landing legs. Those are only needed for moon &amp; Mars until there is local infrastructure.
Pretty close. Booster &amp; arms will move faster. QD arm will steady booster for ship mate.
Priority for residents of Brandenburg &amp; Berlin, but also open to general public
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg county fair &amp; factory tour on October!
Iron(y)man
The staying power of a bad idea is astonishing
Note, should be refill, not refuel. ~78% of propellant is liquid oxygen, only ~22% is fuel.
Tesla makes cars for export in first half of quarter &amp; for local market in second half. As publicly disclosed, we are operating under extreme supply chain limitations regarding certain standard automotive chips. Most problematic by far are Renesas &amp; Bosch.
Booster &amp; Ship will return to orbital launch pad on Monday (winds allowing). Just finishing off some small plumbing &amp; wiring, which is easier in high bay.
I hope I do
Yup
If lobbying &amp; lawyers could get u to orbit, Bezos would be on Pluto rn
Exactly
Somehow, this wasnt convincing
Id recommend they get their first plant working. Its insanely difficult to reach volume production at affordable unit cost.
Its gonna be awesome
Yup
However, even if it were flights with docking, this is not a problem. SpaceX did more than orbital flights in first half of &amp; has docked with Station (much harder than docking with our own ship) over times.
flights is extremely unlikely. Starship payload to orbit is ~150 tons , so max of to fill ton tanks of lunar Starship. Without flaps &amp; heat shield, Starship is much lighter. Lunar landing legs dont add much (1/6 gravity). May only need /2 full, ie tanker flights.
Yeah
Important to bear in mind that production is as fast as the slowest part out of ~10,000 unique parts in a car
SpaceX could do it if need be
Seems like too many cooks in the kitchen
What really matters for the longevity of civilization is making life multiplanetary on a sustained basis
Believe in the future
Always loved those Empire State photos with people eating lunch out on the beam
Agreed, this is not the time to pick technology winners or losers in cryptocurrency technology. There is no crisis that compels hasty legislation.
Long time
An honor to work with such a great team
Sure
It will be exciting to see what new cultures humanity creates on other heavenly bodies!
Due to its size &amp; ability to return science instruments even from deep space, Starship will enable a whole new class of science missions
Minus the lifts
There is a reason no fully reusable orbital rocket has been built its an insanely hard problem. Moreover, it must be rapidly &amp; completely reusable (like an airplane). This is the only way to make life multiplanetary. Efficiencies of scale is why Starship is so large.
Ok
Higher structural margins overall are needed for reuse, plus: Booster - Grid fins for aero control - Boostback &amp; landing propellant tanks - Protecting engines from entry loads Ship - Body flaps for aero control - Deorbit &amp; landing propellant tanks - Heat shield
Inevitably
Over time, we might get orbital payload up to ~150 tons with full reusabity. If Starship then launched as an expendable, payload would be ~250 tons. What isnt obvious from this chart is that Starship/Super Heavy is much denser than Saturn V.
It is ~98% done, but the remaining tiles are unique shapes requiring machining
significant items: - Final heat shield tiles for ship - Thermal protection of booster engines - Ground propellant storage tanks - QD arm for ship weeks.
Dream come true
Absolutely
Starship Fully Stacked
Probably
Tesla Automation (Deutschland) built a specialized machine to wrap the rotor with carbon fiber at precise tension. If too low, it would come loose at low temp, due to CTE differences. If too high, it would snap at high temp &amp; rpm.
Total coincidence! Also, booster height was originally m, but we eliminated a half barrel for manufacturing efficiency, so now its
DMTwitter
Reality is total opposite of what detractors say! Biggest challenge is recruiting enough people to build cars. SF Bay Area essentially has negative unemployment, so people at our factory have several other job offers. If they werent treated well, they would leave immediately!
Once Mechazilla is operational, winds will rarely be an issue
Winds are too high today. Looks like wind speed will be low enough to stack early tomorrow morning.
Remaining tiles are on their way!
Irony indeed
Aiming to stack ship on booster today
That was fun! I was operating on limited sleep &amp; serious back pain, so not at my best. Its awesome that you know so much about how rockets work &amp; their development history. Am happy to do another factory tour in a month or two and talk about whats changed since last time.
It would be an honor to have you visit Starbase
Yeah, seems odd that Tesla wasnt invited
Hes shadowed me for several days so far
Makes sense
Yeah, theyre all good, but I particularly liked his biography of Ben Franklin
Maybe one day
If youre curious about Tesla, SpaceX &amp; my general goings on, is writing a biography
I have great admiration for Johns engineering ability! What he did with Armadillo was incredible. Ive tried to convince him many times to join SpaceX, but he has always declined (sigh).
Mechazilla will do this for future rockets, but its not quite ready yet
Moving rocket to orbital launch pad
That is the goal. Our official name is actually Space Exploration Technologies. SpaceX is short form.
I do think that great design &amp; engineering of products are critical, but manufacturing &amp; supply chain require orders of magnitude more work
All engines mounted to first orbital Starship
I thought we had lost for sure. We were just a tiny company back then, only of launches got to orbit &amp; I had no money left. Out of the blue, a few days before Christmas, NASA calls to say we won.
Just want to say thanks to those in government who fight hard for the right thing to happen, despite extreme pressure to do otherwise. Therein lies the core goodness of the American state.
I do love NASA, always have
Its true
The sheer amount of time Tesla has spent dealing with bike lane is staggering. Short answer yes.
Mars looks amazing
We stole the idea from Karate Kid
Pitch control requires more force than yaw &amp; much more force than roll. Also, grid fins closer to or in the wake of the booster are less effective. However, pretty good aero control can technically be achieved with only grid fins, with some effect on accuracy.
Thanks Sandy!
Super Heavy Booster moving to orbital launch mount
Very close to real! Arms are able to move during descent to match exact booster position. Catch point is off to side, in case catch fails dont want to hit launch mount. Booster is transferred back to launch mount for next flight. Designed to have &lt;1 hour turnaround.
Thats about right. Civilization can be powered with a very small % of Earth having solar panels.
Hard to believe its been years already. Those goals actually precede the creation of Tesla by many years. Goes back to probably ~1992 when I was in college. However, at the time, I thought the chance of achieving those goals was very low.
I was asked by a reporter if I was optimistic or pessimistic about SpaceXs future. That was my answer.
was an extremely tough year on every level
It was difficult
Raptors on Super Heavy
First birds werent real, now bugs arent real either!?
Installing Starship booster engines for first orbital flight
Needs to be level &amp; match booster fittings. We will find out on ~Tuesday.
I do spend a bit of time pontificating tbh
It is inspired by Cyberpunk
Neuralink company bar
Replacement rate is , so roughly generations, but lets try to avoid this!
It really is all about the journey!
We are doing releases every weeks on Friday at midnight California time
tons
They do
Reason we hustled so much to get Autopilot V1 out was that someone driving non-Autopilot Tesla fell asleep, crashed &amp; killed cyclist (Tesla driver was uninjured). Driver nonetheless sued us saying new car smell made him fall asleep (sigh). Judge didnt agree.
Starbase is moving at Warp
Indeed. Grid fin designs clearly work, but do they maximize payload? Good chance that they do not. Something with much more drag to reduce terminal velocity &amp; so reduce landing propellant might have better performance. Not sure. Potential future optimization.
The Tesla AI predictions are swiftly becoming superhuman its guesses for what it cant see well feel like ESP. It has a vastly larger training set than any human &amp; thinks only about driving.
There is always a lot of cleanup after a major code release. Beta will be tight. Still some fundamentals to solve for Beta , but now that were pure vision, progress is much faster. Radar was holding us back.
Will post once we have a decent simulation. Our first design will probably be far from the bullseye.
Stage Zero, which is everything needed to launch &amp; catch the rocket, is at least as hard as the booster or ship
PC desktop with latest graphics card, although I have a Mac too. Gigabyte laptop.
Two weeks (actually)
Yup
A wheel of cheese
Yes
Snatched from the sky by Mechazilla
Hadnt showered in several days. We are going hardcore with Starbase Surge.
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Tesla policy is never to give in to false claims, even if we would lose, and never to fight true claims, even if we would win.
If we are wrong, we are wrong. In this case, we were.
Yeah, Liftoff is solid
Indeed. Both Cook &amp; I have been clear publicly that we have never spoken or otherwise communicated. I tried to speak to him &amp; he declined. Nor have I ever expressed any interest in running Apple to anyone. Cook is, all things considered, obviously doing an incredible job.
He does like to play with my phone. There are many confusing videos he has taken.
Sorry, accidental tap!
Thats arguably a security issue, but allowing companies to use other payment options, especially for in-app purchases would be fair. As soon as they allowed that, they would have to lower their fees. As for the cost of reviewing apps for security, a fixed fee makes sense.
Normally, competitive pressure would force Apple to lower fees, but Apple &amp; Android have a duopoly on phones. When interface familiarity is taken into account, its basically a monopoly. The effective % sales tax Apple charges is hidden from users or there would be an outcry.
I dont want to be CEO of anything
Top feature request for sure
Actually, I like &amp; use Apple products. They are just obviously overcharging with App Store. I mean % fees for doing almost zero incremental work is completely unreasonable. Epic wouldnt bother processing their own payments if App Store fees were fair.
GAO
Apple app store fees are a de facto global tax on the Internet. Epic is right.
Cook &amp; I have never spoken or written to each other ever. There was a point where I requested to meet with Cook to talk about Apple buying Tesla. There were no conditions of acquisition proposed whatsoever. He refused to meet. Tesla was worth about % of todays value.
Higgins managed to make his book both false *and* boring
Maximum set of possible future actions
Only thing beyond ludicrous is Plaid
Haha
Prometheus Unbound
Exactly
A lot
This should be clear to anyone who has experienced the FSD beta evolution. Self-driving requires solving a major part of real-world AI, so its an insanely hard problem, but Tesla is getting it done. AI Day will be great.
We are a pattern of ancient atoms
Mass to orbit is the fundamental metric for making life multiplanetary
Upmass is what matters. One Starship will lift what all Falcons did in Q2 on a single flight.
Wow
Indeed, there are some giant mosquitoes around here!
So many tubes
Raptor V2.0 is a major improvement in simplication, while also increasing thrust from ~185 tons to ~230 tons. Long-term goal is engine cost below $1000/ton of thrust.
And thats just the primary fuel lines! The maze of secondary plumbing &amp; wiring is our greatest concern.
Yeah, SpaceX team is cranking hard!
I mean of course
Completing feed system for Raptor rocket engines on Super Heavy Booster
Feels so long ago
Haha true. I talked to my friends about electric cars constantly in college.
Congrats!
Congratulations!
True
Yeah
Dojo is designed for NN training. No emulation needed.
Convincing the best AI talent to join Tesla is the sole goal
Tesla AI Day August th
Nice
Haha ok, I will do the Tesla shareholder meeting in a posh British accent
These guys are either shady, or both. I mean seriously theres a long list of companies to pick on before Tesla
At this point, just count atoms &amp; dispense with nm
We dont have that many Bitcoin, but its close
Congrats SpaceX tower team &amp; supporting contractors!
Orbital precession takes a long time. With Starship &amp; Starlink V2.0, hopefully we can direct inject to target orbit.
Haha
I am already chewing on so much glass that I have chipmunk cheeks!
Im so dying to do a supersonic vtol electric jet! But I already have way too much on my plate. Any more work and my brain will explode.
Thats a low bar. Carmakers have never valued software engineering highly, although VW is trying to change that. I personally wrote software for years &amp; have huge respect for software engineers. Tesla is on par with best software companies &amp; is leader in real world AI.
Tesla software team is excellent even when compared to the best software companies. This is a big deal, as cars are very much computers on wheels.
Great work by Tesla Giga Berlin team &amp; supporting contractors!
Good thread
Fair enough
And thats just for Earth! Mars has zero human population. We need a lot of people to become a multiplanet civilization.
Population collapse is potentially the greatest risk to the future of civilization
Cars today are far more complex than Model T, with a global supply chain that is vulnerable to force majeure risk. Like Model T, supply chain for battery EVs simply doesnt exist at massive scale, so must be built in parallel. Ideas are easy, production is hard.
Ships are probably fine with iron cells, but aircraft need very high energy density for good range. Im not saying Tesla will do aircraft we have our hands full with cars &amp; solar/battery power generation just that max energy density is needed for aircraft.
Indeed
Only a little taller, but much bigger base &amp; two gantry cranes that run full span
We will try. Preferable for Tesla too, as they last so long. Unlike other makers of cars, our goal is *not* to profit from service. Best service is not needing service in the first place.
The Biggest Bang Theory
Probably in a few months
Amazing
That is the acid test
Computers are absurdly more accurate than humans. How long would it take for a human to render even one frame of a modern video game at low res? The computer will do high res at frames per second. Not a contest.
Quaternions are important for orbital spaceflight
Cool
although to be fair, I dig my own grave a lot
Austin now, but back at Starbase tomorrow
Norway has played a major role in supporting advent of electric vehicles!
Seriously, were getting eaten alive. Cant get to Mars if the bugs eat us first.
Length will grow by ~500 ft over time
The building is ~7 stores tall, so each floor is double size. Hard to appreciate unless youre close.
I was at Giga Texas yesterday. Team is making excellent progress. Building will be almost a mile long when complete.
Construction starts soon on a much larger high bay just north of current high bay
Several improvements coming via V9.1 on Friday at midnight
Tesla Giga Shanghai team has done amazing work!
And finally
Or does he?
weeks
Haha
Is the Pope Catholic?
That was me after Cyberpunk Razor fight haha
Being thanked by game NPCs brought me real joy tbh
The comments on this article are funny
Large pouch cells undergo significant volumetric changes at high state of charge. Even so, fire risk is probably less than gasoline cars. There are over combustion engine car fires every year in US alone. Its literally in the name.
Sure
Good idea. They are not easy to move over roads, which is why the factory is close to the launch site, but we will support a museum that wants a prototype if they take care of transport.
Most people have no idea Starship exists or how large this beast is! Body diameter (9m or ft) is bigger than a or A380. Starship thrust &amp; mass are more than double Saturn V moon rocket. Making life multiplanetary means massive rockets. Got to be done.
More of a pathfinder test. Actual payload bay door dimensions are still under debate. Volume is ~1000 cubic meters. Roomy
Thats the goal!
The feeling is mutual. But I cant emphasize enough that we work with an amazing team. The credit is theirs.
Maybe I will. Its on PC now.
I couldnt do WoW. Awesome, but too much time required.
Great game
If Tesla is able to succeed with imported vehicles, then a factory in India is quite likely.
Very impressive!
But we are hopeful that there will be at least a temporary tariff relief for electric vehicles. That would be much appreciated.
We want to do so, but import duties are the highest in the world by far of any large country! Moreover, clean energy vehicles are treated the same as diesel or petrol, which does not seem entirely consistent with the climate goals of India.
Tesla Model S Plaid is alien technology
No
Also, the full self-driving interface renders across the whole display &amp; it is incredible. The yoke enables an unobstructed view of the screen.
Good review &amp; fair critique. In general with interfaces, all input is error. With each software update, the cars intuition will get better. You will need to press buttons less &amp; less &amp; it will know when to ignore accidental button presses.
Minimizing $/ton to the surface of Mars is the fundamental optimization
This will become very important over time
Flight tests showed that we could make body flaps narrower &amp; lighter
Also lasts much longer than normal roofs &amp; is able to withstand hail &amp; other medium-sized impacts
Congrats Cathie!
Seriously, negative nominal interest rates!? What is the world coming to
But, much more important, is that this *design* is capable of full &amp; rapid reusability. Long way to go from design to making it actually fully &amp; rapidly reusable with high payload, but at least success is *one* of the possible outcomes haha.
Dry electrode is a key piece (one of many pieces) of the puzzle for lowering cost of lithium batteries. That said, it has required an *immense* amount of engineering to take Maxwells proof-of-concept to high-quality, volume production &amp; were still not quite done.
Ironic indeed, as I was at one point going to do my PhD at Stanford on high energy density capacitors for use in electric vehicles. But lithium-ion has it covered. Even with no advances in lithium-ion technology, its possible to transition Earth to sustainable energy.
Nice
Over time, all countries
Congrats!
We created our own connector, as there was no standard back then &amp; Tesla was only maker of long range electric cars. Its one fairly slim connector for both low &amp; high power charging. That said, were making our Supercharger network open to other EVs later this year.
Great to hear!
Best of luck tomorrow!
Haha
Depending on progress with Booster , we might try a engine firing on Booster
Full test duration firing of Raptors on Super Heavy Booster!
Sure, I have a ton
During this talk, we will sing a cover of The Final Countdown by Europe
Nice
Haha
You dont even need to touch the shifter in new S. Auto detect direction will come as an optional setting to all cars with FSD.
Problem st, theory nd is for sure way to go, as it establishes relevance, thus improving memory retention
Cybrrrtruck
And all-time hodl champion
OG Hipster
Indeed
Pohtaytohz
Current Summon is sometimes useful, but mostly just a fun trick. Once we move summon (plus highway driving) to a single FSD stack, it will be sublime.
Cool!
Theres a corner case where brick density is same density as water, reaching bottom due to momentum
Fred Astaire is incredible. Worth watching his movies. One of a kind.
Haha
Now, he can bench press a rhino
Nice
Tap on the screen
Lil X is hodling his Doge like a champ. Literally never said the word sell even once!
All your basis points are belong to us - fiat issuers
A classic
True
Haha
Roughly
Yes
Wide beta maybe with FSD rev , definitely with rev
Pure coincidence!
Even smaller to a chip
To date, AI chatbots have had a rather short MtH (meantime to Hitler) score. Tay was ~16 hours.
Some of these design trades are still open, but will be resolved soon
Very accurate!
Improving permit approval speed &amp; lowering permit costs for solar would make a big difference
Do you even press?
Indeed, but again like a parking lot, a battery having big roads tends to decrease number of parking spaces (ie stores less energy)
Those are major factors
Absolutely!
Probably Monday
Yes
FSD beta is using the pure vision production code for highway driving. Beta hopefully (Beta definitely) will use one stack to rule them all city streets, highway &amp; complex parking lots.
How about a wifi camera link?
In end, we kept production design almost exactly same as show car. Just some small tweaks here &amp; there to make it slightly better. No door handles. Car recognizes you &amp; opens door. Having all four wheels steer is amazing for nimble handling &amp; tight turns!
Version of the SpaceX droneship. Team did great work! Will be epic to see the deep sea oil rigs converted to ocean spaceports for Starship.
To be frank, there is always some chance that Cybertruck will flop, because it is so unlike anything else. I dont care. I love it so much even if others dont. Other trucks look like copies of the same thing, but Cybertruck looks like it was made by aliens from the future.
Tapering down charge rate is simply a physical thing that has to happen, as lithium ions bounce around what is an increasingly full parking lot. Just like a car parking lot, where it takes longer to find a spot when the lot is almost full.
Not bad, although new Model S has more range &amp; faster charging. &amp; Y should use long range version, as Performance version is meant for max speed &amp; handling, not max range. Supercharger network is being upgraded to kW to kW, so that will help too.
Yeah, I wuz running on almost no sleep
Yup
Some traffic could just go terminal -&gt; satellite -&gt; satellite -&gt; terminal and never touch the regular Internet
Good point
If we can do this successfully, then anything developed for ground/undersea fiber is automatically better in orbit
Similar to fiber optic. We are trying to ride the terrestrial fiber optic laser technology forcing function, but modified for use in vacuum.
Yeah
Laser links in orbit can reduce long-distance latency by as much as %, due to higher speed of light in vacuum &amp; shorter path than undersea fiber
More ground stations &amp; less foolish packet routing will make the biggest differences. Looking at speed of light as ~300km per millisecond &amp; satellite altitude of ~550km, average photon round-trip time is only ~10ms, so a lot of silly things have to happen to drive ping &gt;20ms.
A new laughing emoji on DMs would be great
Glad its working! The sheer amount of work done by SpaceX engineering, production &amp; launch teams is amazing. Ping should improve dramatically in coming months. Were aiming for &lt;20ms. Basically, you should be able to play competitive FPS games through Starlink.
Review of Model S Plaid by Dan Neil
Yeah
Some light reading with lil X
Due to lack of banging, civilization might ended with a whimper! Adult diaper sales growth is much higher than baby diaper sales growth.
This is a major problem! Between civilization ending with a bang or a whimper, this trend suggests the latter.
Congratulations!
Next baby will be a girl
Me too!
Im trying to set a good example! Population collapse is a much bigger problem than people realize and thats just for Earth. Mars has a great need for people, seeing as population is currently zero. Humans are the custodians of other life on Earth. Let us bring life to Mars!
It was Richards rental house, which overall is great, but I agree regarding the cabinets haha. This was am, day of flight. Wasnt expecting this brutal pic of me to be posted, but oh well.
Indeed sigh
Im trying to set a good example!
Population collapse is whats actually happening
Booster is more than half cost of mission. Fairing is ~10%.
Any money transmitter or other licenses needed to use this in USA?
Took more work to make F9 booster reuse cost-effective than went into recovering it in the first place. This is an important point. Things finally clicked into place with Block . My hat is off to everyone at SpaceX, NASA, Space Force, FAA &amp; suppliers who helped make it happen.
Im actually years old, but, at the risk of being immodest, I think I look good even for years! Still have my original chariot license in papyrus
those who attack space maybe dont realize that space represents hope for so many people
Loki is pretty good. Basically, live-action with a long romance ark.
Maybe if it sees a Shiba Inu, the car renders a Dogecoin
Haha Buzz Corp made of buzzwords
Interesting idea
Not yet, but they will. Its needed for full self-driving.
OPP?
Corporate-speak is human Ambien
Its true, x is a toddler hodler. Never once has he said sell!
Exactly
Action will follow recognition soon thereafter. Also, call will listen for sirens &amp; alarms.
It will soon capture turn signals, hazards, ambulance/police lights &amp; even hand gestures
Spaceport design is cool
Final decision made earlier this week on booster engine count. Will be at ~230 (half million lbs) sea-level thrust. All engines on booster are same, apart from deleting gimbal &amp; thrust vector actuators for outer .
Congratulations, beautiful flight!
Godspeed!
Yes. It will be the highest output &amp; most advanced rocket engine factory in the world.
The challenges of operating at Starbase left us with no choice but to put engine production in McGregor
Thanks Austin
Roughly to per year. Thats about whats needed over ten years to create the fleet to build a self-sustaining city on Mars. City itself probably takes roughly years, so hopefully it is built by ~2050.
McGregor
By volume production, I mean to engines per day. Thats super high volume for big rocket engines, but low volume by automotive standards.
We are breaking ground soon on a second Raptor factory at SpaceX Texas test site. This will focus on volume production of Raptor , while California factory will make Raptor Vacuum &amp; new, experimental designs.
Yeah, goal is to reflect reality, so screen render will become increasingly so
Accurate assessment. Btw, Autopilot software is technically led by Ashok, Andrej &amp; Milan, but its very much a knights of the round table structure. There are so many talented engineers on Autopilot/AI team &amp; they decide for themselves what to work on. Kinda like Valve.
Mind of car visualization will improve a lot in coming releases. Brightness/translucency indicate confidence of neural net in predicting any given object. Acid test is being able to assess with quick glance at screen if car fully understands environment.
Only ever have
Indeed, Loki is quiet good
Will see you there to wish you the best
Fellowship of the Raptors
Technically, high voltage DC is the most efficient way to transmit electricity, but they lacked good power electronics back then
Dragon returning from orbit
It wont need to reach visa speed, as regulated exchanges will act as de facto second layer. But the perfect should not be the enemy of the good it is still good to increase base layer transaction speed &amp; lower base layer transaction cost.
Block size &amp; frequency should steadily increase to match broadly available bandwidth
When even someone in California, home of Silicon Valley, needs Internet so bad that they bolt a Starlink dish to the hood of their car, you know theres a serious unmet need!
Yes
Just add salt
Absolutely
Solar + Powerwall battery ensures that your home never loses power
Tesla Solar Roof + Powerwall in major new housing development in Austin
Autonomous SpaceX droneship, A Shortfall of Gravitas
Yes
BTC &amp; ETH are pursuing a multilayer transaction system, but base layer transaction rate is slow &amp; transaction cost is high. There is merit imo to Doge maximizing base layer transaction rate &amp; minimizing transaction cost with exchanges acting as the de facto secondary layer.
Sigh
Running preproduction software is both work &amp; fun. Beta list was in stasis, as we had many known issues to fix. Beta addresses most known issues, but there will be unknown issues, so please be paranoid. Safety is always top priority at Tesla.
Hard to beat the Great Pyramid!
Sanskrit is ancient &amp; amazing, but Archaic Sumerian is generally agreed to be oldest written language. As for what was first spoken, its hard to say, as no one wrote it down! So much history has been lost due to lack of writing (on something durable).
Maybe that movie gaslit us all
Listening to History of English podcast
Tropic Thunder is so good
Gas lit by gas light
That is the impression that some have Traveling to another planet &amp; building a self-sustaining city is not for the faint of heart. Consider the sad case of Chad (RIP)
But also this
This
Kinda true
Cartesian Duelists
Haha
I can sometimes be optimistic about schedules
This sounds like it has potential to go wrong &amp; Im not referring to reusing code
True
An old video. Ah, those were simpler times
And also accelerates sustainable energy
Finally some tongue
Beta will start uploading at midnight California time on Friday. Bear in mind, it is still just a beta!
Depends on how the limited beta goes. If it goes well, maybe a month or so.
Improved FSD screen. Attempting to show the mind of the car.
Saturday
Releasing Beta V9 end of week
Also, the British legal system in
I love this
Expect rapid improvement with pure vision
Nikola Tesla was born in Croatia (to Serbian parents)!
Yes
And by , Tesla production will exceed the mass of the Universe!
Yeah, that would be cool. Also, using ship itself as structure for new giant telescope thats &gt;10X Hubble resolution. Was talking to Saul Perlmutter (whos awesome) &amp; he suggested wanting to do that.
Supersonic shock wave
We could stretch the Falcon Heavy upper stage &amp; increase this a lot, but FH already covers all known payloads. Starship, especially with orbital refilling &amp; dedicated deep space variants (no heatshield, flaps or header tanks) will take this up orders of magnitude.
Absolutely! Staggeringly insane amount of work between now and then.
High res landing Falcon landing video
Accurate. Show that Falcon Heavy addresses all use cases.
Working with Weddle and Sons Roofing has been a great collaboration for accelerating Tesla Solar Roof installation! This is a lot of work, as tens of millions of homes need solar roofs! If you are a roofing company, please consider adding Solar Roof to your offerings.
Douglas Adams ftw
Mass Effect was particularly great
Warren Buffet Sizzler buffet
Caused by switching frequency of light source. Surround video (multiple cameras, across several frames), improving fps &amp; exposure setting tweaks solves this. All in FSD build.
Yes, updated UI coming with FSD wide release. All cars with FSD computer will have new mind of car view. All /Y can be upgraded to have FSD computer.
Soft spot for olde Roadster
but srsly the pic clicking is so annoying!
Its awesome
L/D makes quite a big difference. We do care about lift for Starship much more than Dragon, as lower peak heating is needed for reusability of heat shield. Dragon prefers high peak, low total heat load, as it is driven by tile heat pulse reaching bondline while under parachutes.
Stop sending me this $h1t
Design is easy, production is hard
Free Britney
Booster engines are not shrouded by skirt extension, as with ship. Engines extend about m below booster.
Its one possibility
Kinda has to happen
Center engines on ship will be same as booster engines. This is basically Raptor . Raptor Vacuum would be only variant. Tbd as to whether to commonize R-Vac with Raptor (more thrust), keep same or tighten throat (more Isp). Adding more R-Vac to ship with max Isp maybe
All Raptors on booster, whether fixed or gimbaling, would be the same. *230 gets ~7600 tons of thrust &amp; T/W of ~1.5.
Looking good at ~378 sec. Continued improvement will get it over .
Happy th to all!
Bless America
Current plan is to increase base Raptor thrust to ~230 tons or ~500 million lbs &amp; increase booster engine count to or
Regen (using motor) braking means brake pads almost never need to be replaced
Cool
Outer engine ring is fixed angle, but can throttle
Yes, we can fly Starship around space &amp; chomp up debris with the moving fairing door
New SpaceX Starlink cover shows transfer orbit from Earth to Mars
Haha, FSD beta is shipping soon, I swear! Generalized self-driving is a hard problem, as it requires solving a large part of real-world AI. Didnt expect it to be so hard, but the difficulty is obvious in retrospect. Nothing has more degrees of freedom than reality.
There is a big difference between reaching space and reaching orbit
Friday afternoons are usually Tesla design studio time. Cybertruck will be almost exactly what was shown. Were adding rear wheel steering, so it can do tight turns &amp; maneuver with high agility. Lot of other great things coming.
Fair enough
Both great
Two weeks
Yes. Long-term, all settings will be in your Tesla app and car will auto adjust.
Epic!
Toxoplasmosis infects rats, then cats, then humans who make cat videos. AI trains achieves superhuman intelligence training on Internet cat videos, thus making toxoplasmosis the true arbiter of our destiny.
Yeah, main story line is not that long. Played at max difficulty, no aim assist, so didnt softball it. Razor fight was insanely difficult.
Congrats Tesla Team on over car built &amp; delivered in Q2, despite many challenges!!
These days, I mostly just play Polytopia, which comes free with every Tesla!
Dead Space was great
Might work
Wow, years ago!
Sure. We can show them live. Eerily realistic. Maybe we should make a game.
When we need strange training examples, eg half a car on highway, Tesla sim delivers. Also, accidents on Autopilot are becoming rarer, so we need more close call examples. For safety tests, Autopilot sees dummy far away. Emergency braking only needed for distracted drivers.
But can I pay in Doge?
Yeah, its next-level &amp; will just keep getting better with more training data from fleet. Tesla sim team is also crushing it.
But I guess I should take my own advice &amp; just work on saving the things I love
What is not well understood is that ULA *still* has a monopoly carve-out for US government launches for which SpaceX is not allowed to compete, costing the taxpayer twice as much per launch than it should. This is obviously not real competition.
Your company said the exact opposite in when it got a sole-source, uncompeted $11B DoD launch contract. In any event, expendable rockets are as relevant to the future as expendable aircraft. Rapidly reusable rockets are all that matter.
True
Will look pretty wild with a ship on top
Super Heavy on road &amp; th Tower segment added
Once you have rapidly reusable rockets of sufficient size to carry &gt;100 tons of payload, it is not clear that cost per ton to orbit/moon/Mars improves with a larger rocket. Aircraft, for example, have moved away from /A380 to , which has ~100 tons of payload.
Million tons to Mars requires R R R
Super Heavy moves tomorrow
Doubling diameter increases mass X, but difficulty of simultaneously building &amp; launching rocket of that size is &gt;&gt;4X. In retrospect, &lt;9m diameter for Starship might have been wise. Current size is ~5200 ton stack mass &amp; ~7500 ton-F thrust, which is more than double Saturn V.
Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge
What are we doing wrong at SpaceX? You probably have some good ideas. The fundamental optimization for making life multiplanetary &amp; backing up the biosphere is cost per ton to the surface of Mars. What system achieves that best?
C
Its like looking in a mirror
Release the Doge!
Stop gendering memes I mean mimes
Of course, you cant take that literally he meant the whole dairy industry
Yeah, had great Poutine in Montreal. Does feel like your life expectancy is dropping in real-time as you eat it, but awesome nonetheless.
Sorry for any confusion. Dojo is a neural network training computer optimized for video (for self-driving). Unless there is a predictable pattern to hashing Scrypt (which we will not attempt to find), it will not be competitive with ASIC-based hashing. Potatoes are delicious!
I do live in a $50k house, but not this specific one
The economic prosperity that China has achieved is truly amazing, especially in infrastructure! I encourage people to visit and see for themselves.
Impressive
Then why were taxpayers forced to overpay for ULA?
Now, this sort of nonsense happens all the time with government contracts &amp; everyone knows it. However, in this case, it is money diverted from making life multiplanetary, which is the goal of SpaceX, vs the ULA goal of maximizing dividends to Lockheed &amp; Boeing. Not ok.
Yeah, but dogz rl
ULA would be dead as a doornail without the two launch provider DoD requirement. If this is not true, then you wont have a problem removing it. Your parent company, Lockheed, darkened the skies with lobbyists to ensure F-35 was single source. Seems a little inconsistent
Yeah
Work needed between flights is less &amp; less, as shown by shortening time between reflights. Required work between flights for Starship &amp; Super Heavy is zero.
You should notice several other improvements
Rapidly Reusable Rockets, R R R
Weve already done a lot of iteration on ship. For rapid reusability, booster must return to launchpad, so inert mass impacts ascent, boostback &amp; landing burns. Triple whammy. Also, booster flight rate is ~5X that of ship, so multiple mass $ cost by .
First one to fly will, so Booster . Booster will be used for ground tests. Were changing much of design from to . Booster was very hard to build. Expect especially rapid evolution in first ~10 boosters &amp; first ~30 ships.
Great shot! Btw, Starship Super Heavy will not have an entry burn. Delta-v is shifted more to the ship, so booster entry Q &amp; heating is lower.
Basic MRI is easier than it sounds good tbh. High resolution MRI in short time with weak magnetic field is hard.
Actually, almost % liquid oxygen
Should I bring a few spare engines I mean, just in case.
Sure
I liked your movie Hollywood Dirt!
There is the internal goal if things go right, which needs to be aggressive. Obviously, some things will not go right internally &amp; there will be external issues too. That said, I think we can stack an orbital ship on an orbital booster in July.
When do the engines arrive?
Unfortunately, launch is called off for today, as an aircraft entered the keep out zone, which is unreasonably gigantic. There is simply no way that humanity can become a spacefaring civilization without major regulatory reform. The current regulatory system is broken.
Sonic boom incoming
Top Safety Pick+ from IIHS! Thats the highest overall rating, but we think we can get max score for all subcategories/individual tests too. Retesting in a month or so with improved software. The improved software will then be uploaded to all cars with FSD computers.
Not bad
Production release update coming this week, which includes raising max speed to mph. Sorry, mph limit was done as precautionary measure. Turned out to be unnecessary.
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes!
Important to support
It is! Looks like we can get sec Isp with this version of Raptor Vacuum, so over sec with some improvements down the road.
Cool
Schedule driver there is regulatory approval. Has to be certified for each aircraft type. Focusing on &amp; A320, as those serve most number of people, with development testing on Gulfstream.
All orbital planes activate in August, plus many other improvements, enabling global coverage, except for polar regions, which will take another months
Starlink simultaneously active users just exceeded the strategically important threshold of last night!
Sometimes people think it is performance, but safety is always the primary design requirement for a Tesla
One of my favorites quotes from a great human
Actually, a great many parts are produced by our suppliers, but Tesla is more vertically integrated than other carmakers
Bring back the Zune!! Its time.
Starship Super Heavy
True
My Shiba Inu will be named Floki
Timing is everything
Im driving alpha , but we need to fix some obvious issues before releasing beta , hopefully next week. FSD subscription capability should be turning on via the Tesla app.
It will be like this, but bigger
For the Bitcurious? Very well then, lets do it
T is the new D
I think about that quite a lot
The comments in this thread are solid gold
Lmfao omg
Nothing wrong with healthy competition, but this seems a little over-the-top. Would be cool if spacecraft could travel from one space station to another (which is much harder than it seems!).
Basically, just a footnote
Edgy
Thats not funny! Bitcoin maxis
How many Bitcoin maxis does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Were almost done with first prototype booster. This will go to test stand A. Next one will fly to orbit. Team has been crushing it many days &amp; nights in a row!
Oh right Bitcoin haha
Bicurious?
That is an exciting goal!
Cool, but an unnecessary complication for now. These are being removed to speed up time to orbital launch.
Wow!
At least a few years before Starlink revenue is reasonably predictable. Going public sooner than that would be very painful. Will do my best to give long-term Tesla shareholders preference.
Shout out to the awesome Tesla global team. Thanks for working so hard to make Tesla successful!
Good chart. This is a major reason why we moved Starlink from ~1100km orbit to ~550km. Atmosphere automatically clears the lower altitude within a few years, so space junk cannot accumulate.
This is an important improvement
Very sorry to hear that. Condolences to JB and his family.
Tesla financing round closed at pm Dec th last hour of last day possible or payroll wouldve bounced days later. I gave Tesla last of my remaining cash from PayPal. Didnt even own a house or anything sellable.
Looking at holding Tesla AI Day in about a month or so. Will go over progress with Tesla AI software &amp; hardware, both training &amp; inference. Purpose is recruiting.
physical-world sigh
Happy Fathers Day!
Yeah
Nice work
Haha pretty much
This is epic. Very impressive history.
True
Peak acceleration is over gs, which is % faster than falling
Haha
Real pic of ships next to Starbase Tiki Bar on right
True
Steam engines are even better!
Ive been driving with the yoke for a while &amp; its great imo. Progressive steering would require complex gearing or drive-by-wire without direct mechanical link. Will aim for that in a few years.
Congratulations, this is a great achievement!
We might use SN16 on a hypersonic flight test
Fair enough
Based on what data?
Cool
Hello, Im Clark Kent
Manufacturing is so hard. I have the utmost respect for those who build things.
It is an honor to work with such talented engineers
Lets just skip original video games &amp; movies &amp; go straight to the sequel
Massive increase in Supercharger network is underway
I love carbs
Pretty much an average day back then
Nice
Maybe we should advertise informationally just so people know stuff like this exists
Most people have no idea just how good the Tesla air purification system is. Literally X better than any other car.
Oh man, home hvac that is super energy efficient, quiet &amp; purifies the air would be great. We developed it for the car, but it can be scaled up for home use.
New HVAC firmware coming soon that will make it quieter
True, we somewhat overcompensated on Bluetooth antenna capability haha. Will work on turning it down near your destination.
From the top of Starbase high bay
Stacking Super Heavy Aft Section
T H4X0R got my phone. Nuthin I could do. Sorry babe.
Cool
Epic dog
K is Kindred
Could turn out to be one big Philip K Dick joke in the end
Pluto takes years to orbit the sun, but Uranus only takes
The aliens would say So Long, and Thanks for the Orifice!
Decided to sell my last remaining house. Just needs to go to a large family who will live there. Its a special place.
After several successful launches, land overflight earlier in trajectory passes E-sub-c safety threshold. That said, Starship will also launch from Cape long-term.
So much more is needed for life to become multiplanetary
This is true
Our Soul Dichotomy
This is inaccurate. Tesla only sold ~10% of holdings to confirm BTC could be liquidated easily without moving market. When theres confirmation of reasonable (~50%) clean energy usage by miners with positive future trend, Tesla will resume allowing Bitcoin transactions.
The Plaid carbon-wrapped motor is arguably the most advanced motor on Earth outside of maybe a lab somewhere. We have to keep some secrets! We have a few ideas for increasing torque &amp; max rpm even further for new Roadster. Definitely fun &amp; exciting engineering ahead!
Main advantage of this is a much stronger EM field compared with a rotor that is held together by metal (usually high strength steel). Other advantage is that rotor can go to higher RPM, as carbon sleeve (mostly) stops copper rotor from expanding due to radial acceleration.
Fiber is wound over rotor at high tension load. Machine to do this was made by Tesla Automation. Carbon sleeve must put copper rotor in compression or it loosens at low temp due to differential thermal expansion. Preload is also helpful for maintaining precise gap to stator.
True
Deriving moments of inertia from first principles
Esoteric meme of the day
Physics should be taught with the majesty &amp; beauty it deserves
Physics is simply the search for truth. Nothing is more rigorous.
Jay is awesome!
At last!
Plaid release event
Most amount of fun on wheels! Pure joy on tap whenever u want.
Order Tesla Model S Plaid at
Haha
I love the yoke!
Tesla engineering is awesome!
People like it!
Starlink missions will move to Starship
Useful mass to orbit is the primary figure of merit
Exactly
Now that I have made some improvements, Im pretty sure its worth $69k haha
My primary home is literally a ~$50k house in Boca Chica / Starbase that I rent from SpaceX. Its kinda awesome though. Only house I own is the events house in the Bay Area. If I sold it, the house would see less use, unless bought by a big family, which might happen some day.
Yeah, sold my houses, except for in Bay Area thats rented out for events. Working on sustainable energy for Earth with Tesla &amp; protecting future of consciousness by making life multiplanetary with SpaceX. Also, AI risk mitigation with Neuralink &amp; fixing traffic with Boring.
Exactly. Only time I sell Tesla stock is when my stock options are expiring &amp; I have no choice. Btw, I will continue to pay income taxes in California proportionate to my time in state, which is &amp; will be significant.
Not even a good fake anonymous The article is behind a paywall, and it looks like Anonymous hacking skills are not enough to get behind it
Tesla Europe team is doing great!
Just donated
Well said, Dave!
The long-term strength of Tesla will be manufacturing technology
Wow, thanks!
Thanks Lloyd!
A new space race has begun!
At the annual shareholder meeting! Probably late July / early August.
to mph in under secs. Quickest production car ever made of any kind. Has to be felt to be believed.
Plaid+ is canceled. No need, as Plaid is just so good.
Model S goes to Plaid speed this week
VIC-20 with KB memory
Some engineers I worked with went on to help create WoW, but it was too addicting. Couldnt afford the time (sigh).
Tbh, I was into PC &amp; still into PC
One more production release of pure vision this week, then FSD beta a week or two later. V9.0 FSD is also pure vision. Foundational improvements are immense.
Maybe
I do like to cause a little mischief
He will perhaps have a baby soon
The operating costs of a Tesla are also much lower than a gasoline cruiser!
I guess we read the instructions haha
Dont kill what you hate, Save what you love
Fair point. Back to regularly scheduled programming.
Haha awesome
Goods &amp; services are the real economy, any form of money is simply the accounting thereof
I pretty much agree with Vitalik
is a helluva drug
It is
Already have one
Haf yu sin mi danz?
Make up sex is the best tho
Great thread
Nice
Canada USA Mexico
Needs laser eyes too
Yup
Thanks Seriously, it was so insane! Fud still happening a little, but doesnt resonate when enough people have the product.
Some quarks &amp; a lepton walk into a bar
Things get weird at the driver level
Thats where we get most of our lithium. Also, whereas phone batteries make heavy use of cobalt in cathode, Tesla uses primarily nickel, which is trickier, but has better energy density (range). Iron cathode cells are now competitive for stationary packs &amp; mid range cars.
We went public for $3.40/share!
Science-fiction should not be fiction forever!
Might take a few kicks at the can before we catch the rocket haha
Our biggest challenge is supply chain, especially microcontroller chips. Never seen anything like it. Fear of running out is causing every company to overorder like the toilet paper shortage, but at epic scale. That said, its obv not a long-term issue.
Found this pic of me as a child
Sigh
When I visit Japan later this year
Baby Shark crushes all! More views than humans.
Sounds kinda fun
OG Smartwatch
Yeah, new Model S &amp; X have PS5 level entertainment computing power
Nice
Agreed
Making this work has been / still is super difficult, but its a revolution in car body design &amp; production lighter, tighter, better NVH, higher precision, lower capex, lower unit cost
Moving lumbar was removed only in front passenger seat of /Y (obv not there in rear seats). Logs showed almost no usage. Not worth cost/mass for everyone when almost never used. Prices increasing due to major supply chain price pressure industry-wide. Raw materials especially.
Pretty close. Inner ring is closer to center , as all gimbal together. Boost back burn efficiency is greatly improved in this config.
Ocean spaceport Deimos is under construction for launch next year
Sehnsucht
Danke!!
Actually, so-called secondary structure is the hard part so many pipes &amp; wires. Tall stuff &amp; small stuff are the toughest things about Starship.
True
M years is only ~6% increase in age of Earth
Raptor production is approaching one every hours
Raptors on Booster initially, rising to later this year, along with thrust increase per engine. Aiming for &gt;7500 ton thrust long-term. T/W ~1.5.
Great idea
Dark Helmet emotes Plaid well
Actually true haha
Basically, our entire product roadmap is from Spaceballs
Yes
Congrats Boring Company team!
Sick burn haha. Hopefully, next year.
Model S Plaid delivery pushed to June . Needs one more week of tweak. This car feels like a spaceship. Words cannot describe the limbic resonance.
Vegas FTW!
Exactly. Atmospheric drag clearing out orbital debris is a major reason why we dropped altitude to ~550km.
I suspect that name made him strong
For the low, low price of ?
Ship &amp; Booster , Starbase Highbay
Tesla sure would appreciate changing the law, so that this is not required!
Exactly
Potentially, times higher
Pretty close. No tiles on back side of flaps. Some tiles towards leeward side of ship trailing plasma spilling off rear of flaps.
Cumulative payload to orbit is the really crazy number. Falcon has delivered more than double rest of world combined over trailing months.
If only they had spaceships, theyd still be around
Deep thots
Not sure who wrote this, but its accurate
Yup
Aiming to have hot gas thrusters on booster for first orbital flight
They are now the same (LOX below CH4). Ox is times heavier than fuel, so makes sense to have it lower.
Pure vision Autopilot is now rolling out in North America. There will be an update of this production release in weeks, then FSD beta V9.0 (also pure vision) a week later. FSD subscription will be enabled around the same time.
Exactly
Lot of plumbing!
Please note Dogecoin has no formal organization &amp; no one reports to me, so my ability to take action is limited
Doge has dogs &amp; memes, whereas the others do not
They told me they would appreciate help
Someone suggested changing Dogecoin fees based on phases of the moon, which is pretty awesome haha
If youd like to help develop Doge, please submit ideas on GitHub &amp;
Spoke with North American Bitcoin miners. They committed to publish current &amp; planned renewable usage &amp; to ask miners WW to do so. Potentially promising.
He fears the
Congrats!
Becoming multiplanetary is one of the greatest filters. Only now, billion years after Earth formed, is it possible. How long this window to reach Mars remains open is uncertain. Perhaps a long time, perhaps not. In case it is the latter, we should act now.
The hard part about Raptor is simplifying it
The true battle is between fiat &amp; crypto. On balance, I support the latter.
Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology
Welcome to the future. Its gonna be great.
Congrats!
Wow!
This will actually be able to fly very briefly. I always laughed at flying cars &amp; now making one. Fate irony haha.
We cant wait to build this crazy truck! Its a total rethink of vehicle mechanical architecture &amp; production methods, so super hard project, but worthwhile in the end.
Achieving truly decentralized finance power to the people is a noble &amp; important goal. Layer count depends on projected bandwidth &amp; compute, both rising rapidly, which means single layer network can carry all human transactions in future imo. For now, Lightning is needed.
Ideally kWh, calculated as total energy used by system divided by max transaction rate
Yes, with the SpaceX rocket thruster option package. It will be safe, but very intense. Probably not wise for those with a medical condition same as a hardcore roller coaster.
Bitcoin hashing (aka mining) energy usage is starting to exceed that of medium-sized countries. Almost impossible for small hashers to succeed without those massive economies of scale.
I agree that this *can* be done over time, but recent extreme energy usage growth could not possibly have been done so fast with renewables. This question is easily resolved if the top hashing orgs just post audited numbers of renewable energy vs not.
Yeah, I havent &amp; wont sell any Doge
A longtime Tesla supporter gave me the Doge dollar sticker at Giga Berlin
Oh sorry, yes, Roadster will have thrusters, not Plaid. Plaid is indeed close to the theoretical maximum of a roadworthy car without special devices.
It will have high pressure air rocket thrusters behind a license plate that flips down. Bong, James Bong
Good idea
Sure
Worth reading
Currency is already digital! Decentralized crypto is an attempt to wrest power of currency dilution (pernicious form of taxation) &amp; capital controls from governments. That said, I sure hope the cure is better than the disease! Mars/AI are essential to passing the great filter/s.
Es wurde mir in deutschland gegeben
That is my gaming laptop, which has never had a sticker until now
Diess is right. Hydrogen is a staggeringly dumb form of energy storage for cars. Barely worth considering it for a rocket upper stage, which is its most compelling use.
How much is that Doge in the window?
Tesla Model S Plaid delivery event June at our California factory Fastest production car ever to mph in under secs
This is how I imagine most theaters are these days haha
Congrats to on embracing an electric future!
Production article will look different (better)
Likewise. I have attention *surplus* disorder haha.
I would like to second that congratulations. Outstanding accomplishment by China!
Credit to our Master of Coin
Tesla has
Ferragu is remarkably insightful
Great progress so far! Thank you for the support from Brandenburg. I would also like to express appreciation for the permit authorities, as I know this is a large and complex project. When all the finishing touches are done, I hope it will be considered a jewel of Brandenburg!
Aiming for extreme precision with next gen Model Y microns, not millimeters
Giga Berlin suppliers please accelerate!
I worked for Peter Nicholson, who is awesome. Mostly, we exchanged math riddles, although I did figure out a multi-billion dollar arbitrage opportunity for the bank. Figured theyd at least give me $1/hour raise, but no
Going through all aspects of next gen Model Y production system with team. Lot of talented people at Giga Berlin. This place will rock!
Hallelujah
To clarify speculation, Tesla has not sold any Bitcoin
Indeed
Hey cryptocurrency experts, ever heard of PayPal? Its possible maybe that I know than you realize about how money works.
Bitcoin is actually highly centralized, with supermajority controlled by handful of big mining (aka hashing) companies. A single coal mine in Xinjiang flooded, almost killing miners, and Bitcoin hash rate dropped %. Sound decentralized to you?
He should wear outfit for Halloween, but with Bitcoin tattooed high on thighs
Saylor Moon
Obnoxious threads like this make me want to go all in on Doge
Coming soon. Sorry for the delay!
For those bad at math , X higher transaction volume with X lower fees means total fees earned stay same. Low fees &amp; high volume are needed to become currency of Earth.
My understanding is that the big accounts are exchanges. Would be good to confirm though. Am told the biggest one is Robinhood.
Only if Doge cant do it. Big pain in the neck to create another one.
Congratulations!! Mars is very difficult.
Ideally, Doge speeds up block time X, increases block size X &amp; drops fee X. Then it wins hands down.
Yes, hardware-in-the-loop testing of software is essential
We need to make sure ship wont break up on reentry, hence deorbit over Pacific
/4 of the way around the Earth
As always
Locating ground stations at data centers will significantly improve latency &amp; jitter. Data can go from user terminal to server without touching the Internet.
Working with Doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency. Potentially promising.
I have a lot of respect for anyone who ships useful product at scale. It is insanely hard work.
To be clear, I strongly believe in crypto, but it cant drive a massive increase in fossil fuel use, especially coal
It is high time there was a carbon tax!
Energy usage trend over past few months is insane
Tesla &amp; Bitcoin
Haha
Subscription rolls out in about a month
I think were maybe a month or two away from wide beta. But these things are hard to predict accurately. The work we had to do for pure vision driving was needed for FSD, so much more progress has been made than it would seem.
End of year, along with FSD, provided we get regulatory approval. Smart Summon is just a subset of FSD.
Yes
We had to focus on removing radar &amp; confirming safety. That release goes out next week to US production. Then a week or two to polish pure vision FSD &amp; v9 beta will release. Difference between v8 &amp; v9 is gigantic.
Geil!
Do you want Tesla to accept Doge?
Exactly
SNL Monologue
Thanks again to cast, writers &amp; crew! Honor &amp; pleasure to do the show with you.
Haha
Absolutely
I love Dieter
Chad saves Mars!
SpaceX launching satellite Doge-1 to the moon next year Mission paid for in Doge st crypto in space st meme in space To the mooooonnn!!
Wario was my fav haha
Might still need a VPN in some countries
Special link to view SNL outside USA
First time a Falcon rocket booster will reach double digits in flights
Yup
It pretty much looks like this
Great pic
Cybertruck prototype in New York this weekend
Until Sunday
Guest starring
Will use this as my wallpaper
That is how I feel about it
Might try to refly SN15 soon
Im looking for a shiba pup!
Cryptocurrency is promising, but please invest with caution!
Nice shot
Make humanity a multiplanet species!
Public support for life on Mars is critical to making it happen
is not out of the question for an uncrewed flight
for sure!
Haha true
Mars Base Alpha
Exactly
Haha awesome! See you soon.
Thanks Jim
True
Only way to create rapidly &amp; fully reusable orbital rockets, the fundamental technology revolution needed to make life multiplanetary
Starship landing nominal!
About to launch
I had a Steampunk Japan birthday party once
The Movement!
Which means ~1/10th of you is billion years old
Only limitation is high density of users in urban areas. Most likely, all of the initial k will receive service. More of a challenge when we get into the several million user range.
Rawlinson was never chief engineer. He arrived after Model S prototype was made, left before things got tough &amp; was only ever responsible for body engineering, not powertrain, battery, software, production or design.
So great to see the happy faces!
Prototypes are easy, production is hard
A remarkable junction in history
One of many reasons why we need larger &amp; more advanced rockets!
Haha
I love Art Deco
Baby Shark &amp; Shark Tank merge to form Baby Shark Tank
Irony Man defeats villains using the power of irony
Definitely
Throwing out some skit ideas for SNL. What should I do?
Woke James Bond SNL May
A major part of real-world AI has to be solved to make unsupervised, generalized full self-driving work, as the entire road system is designed for biological neural nets with optical imagers
Exactly!
Was using this in my car last night
FSD display V9.0 will show actual probability distribution of objects true minds eye of the neural net. This is so cool!
I swear Canada FSD beta will be as soon as humanly possible!
True. Anyone paying attention to the rate of improvement will realize that Tesla Autopilot/FSD is already superhuman for highway driving &amp; swiftly getting there for city streets.
Hopefully, later this year for several more states. Insurance is different for almost every state in America &amp; regulatory approvals take time.
And hopefully EU this summer
Probably a few months. There are many subtle differences between US &amp; Canada driving.
Gating factor is achieving &amp; proving higher safety with pure vision than with vision+radar. We are almost there. FSD Beta V9.0 will blow your mind.
Probably two weeks
Good technical analysis
Yes
Sorry
exactly
Might be something there haha
Best-selling by revenue in , possibly by unit volume in
Cool!
Starship is literally more pointy because of that movie haha
% so far
The Dogefather SNL May
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
Romeo + Juliet, fish tank scene
Testing header tanks. All good so far.
They have an important role to play in protecting the public from getting swindled, but are sometimes too close to Wall St hedge funds imo. Strange that they arent taking more action on some of the SPACs.
FCC is fair &amp; sensible. NHTSA &amp; FAA too. % of the time, I agree with regulators! On rare occasions, we disagree. This is almost always due to new technologies that past regulations didnt anticipate.
Other companies spend money on advertising &amp; manipulating public opinion, Tesla focuses on the product. I trust the people.
Yes
Yup
I find it more helpful to read/follow individual journalists, rather than publications. Any given publication is going to have wide range of views, albeit vast majority of stories about any subject are negative, perhaps reflecting innate human biases. Citizen journalism FTW!
Starship SN15 static fire completed, preparing for flight later this week
True
Cant get it up (to orbit) lol
Seems quite likely at least based on revenue in &amp; possibly total units in
No, you do not. I have not sold any of my Bitcoin. Tesla sold % of its holdings essentially to prove liquidity of Bitcoin as an alternative to holding cash on balance sheet.
Yes
Yeah, roughly MW/km^2 using currently available solar panels. Whats really amazing is that you can store all energy needed to power a continent overnight with square kilometer of stacked Tesla Megapacks!
An advantage I did have is that my father is a talented electrical &amp; mechanical engineer, so I was taught a lot engineering (without appreciating it at the time)
True. The opposite in fact I provide financial support to my parents.
We just got approval to open a new Supercharger station in Malibu!
So awesome!
Lets find out just how live Saturday Night Live really is
Am hosting SNL on May
Yup
Lies can be beautiful
define beauty
What does the future hodl?
Absolutely!
This is the essence of my philosophy
This is important
Yup
mins to launch
Astronauts preparing to launch to
Yeah
Haha true
Happy Earth Day
Haha
Im staying at a friends place in Florida that is % powered by Tesla Solar Roof + Powerwall. When grid power goes down, air-conditioning automatically turns off in some of the house. Computers &amp; lights dont even flicker. Owner says he doesnt notice.
Does seem a little weird
If Tesla owners are conspiracy theorists, then it would be fair to call them advertising salespeople masquerading as truthtellers. If thats an unfair criticism, a simple rebuttal would be to show their articles per fatality for all automakers. Tesla is ~0.02% of deaths
Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery enables consumers to be their own utility
True
Very important. Most people dont know this. Wind is also super cheap, especially when paired with batteries.
Newest units can probably do as much as kW continuous &amp; double that in peak power at C ambient temp. In house power vernacular, this translates to ~80LRA (soft start of ton HVAC). Two Powerwalls would double this, three would triple, etc.
Powerwall peak &amp; steady power capability is better than advertised. Now that we have lots of operational data, Tesla can unlock higher capabilities for free via software update next month. Depending on production date, power increase power may be &gt;50% at C ambient temp.
Solar power will feed exclusively to Powerwall. Powerwall will interface only between utility meter &amp; house main breaker panel, enabling super simple install &amp; seamless whole house backup during utility dropouts.
Starting next week, Tesla Solar Panels &amp; Solar Roof will only be sold as an integrated product *with* Tesla Powerwall battery
Did you buy a Powerwall? Utility permission is required for flowing electricity back to grid, but usually not if stored in our battery. This also enables /7 electricity security for your home. Utility permission is still needed for when Powerwall is full &amp; can stabilize grid.
Sandy Munro knows what hes talking about
cgi irl!
I could get a job, just not at an Internet company (werent many back then)
Haha true
New FSD rendering approach coming that better represents NN probability vector space
NHTSA is great
Hell of a coincidence haha
Exactly
Awesome!
Your research as a private individual is better than professionals ! Data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled &amp; this car did not purchase FSD. Moreover, standard Autopilot would require lane lines to turn on, which this street did not have.
Support for humanitys future in space is super appreciated. Lets make the sci-fi future we want real!
Passive Autopilot (sometimes called active safety) comes standard on all Teslas
Essentially, passive Autopilot (car intervenes only when crash probability is high) cuts crashes in half. Active Autopilot (car is driving itself) cuts crashes in half again. Doesnt mean there are no crashes, but, on balance, Autopilot is unequivocally safer.
Tesla with Autopilot engaged now approaching times lower chance of accident than average vehicle
Dragon spacecraft &amp; Falcon rocket
Great progress by Tesla team
If we make life multiplanetary, there may come a day when some plants &amp; animals die out on Earth, but are still alive on Mars
Great review! Neuralink is open to working with neuroscientists to advance the field. Short-term goal is addressing brain &amp; spine problems. Ultimate goal is symbiosis of human &amp; machine intelligence.
Everything to the moon!
We are honored to be part of the team
NASA Rules!!
Austin Rocks!!
Same with Berlin
Limited production of Model Y this year, high volume next year
I was just there, driving Cybertruck around the site where it will be built!
Make life multiplanetary!
Yeah, should be fully mobile later this year, so you can move it anywhere or use it on an RV or truck in motion. We need a few more satellite launches to achieve compete coverage &amp; some key software upgrades.
This is accurate. Service uptime, bandwidth &amp; latency are improving rapidly. Probably out of beta this summer.
One of many reasons that we need to make life multiplanetary!
Aiming to launch next week
Certainly one of the largest. A company whose name rhymes with Shmoogle is pretty far ahead. But I think were the leader in shallow-minded AI haha!
Doge Barking at the Moon
Doge Barking at the Moon Miro
While perhaps obvious in hindsight, it turns out that the only way to solve self-driving is to solve a big part of real-world AI. That is what Tesla is doing, both in hardware &amp; software. Unless a company is good at AI with tight compute, its hopeless. This is insanely hard.
Le Petit Prince
Soon it will be real
Actually, yes. And Red Rocket truck stop.
Stop In the Name of Love!
I found some footage of the drive
Insanely cute!
Button timing of May is aspirational. Depends on how well limited beta of V9.0 goes, but I would be surprised if wide beta (aka button) is later than June. FSD subscription next month is a sure thing.
Hopefully addressed this summer
Same timing
Major improvements are being made to the vision stack every week. Beta button hopefully next month. This is a march of s trying to get probability of no injury above % of miles for city driving. Production Autopilot is already above that for highway driving.
Will investigate
Probably late July
Tesla AI/Autopilot engineering is awesome! Making excellent progress solving real-world AI.
th Raptor engine coming soon
Maybe its about how you use it
Getting there
That version of Falcon never flew, so must be ~2004. The CAD looks so simple! I think we were still using SolidWorks back then.
Yeah, not scalable. My grad student idea was to try to use advanced chip making equipment to create high energy density capacitors accurate to molecular level.
That was my night job. Day job was working on ruthenium-tantalum ultracapacitors at Pinnacle Research.
True. Ancient times Had to flip CPU registers explicitly, as computer was so slow.
Absolutely
Tesla is building up collision repair capability to help address the grief that you went through, but usually insurance companies make you go their approved collision repair partners. Tesla Insurance will make it smooth sailing.
For now. Costs are decreasing rapidly.
Love this beautiful shot
Trust the shrub
The art In Cyberpunk is incredible
Nope haha
If you dont say anything &amp; engage Autopilot, it will soon guess based on time of day, taking you home or to work or to whats on your calendar
That rocket is a hardcore veteran of many missions
Blimps rock
Due to lower gravity, you can travel from surface of Mars to surface of Earth fairly easily with a single stage rocket. Earth to Mars is vastly harder.
Good thread
Pretty much
These things are best thought of as probabilities. There are forward-facing cameras. It is highly likely that at least one of them will see multiple cars ahead.
Sensors are a bitstream and cameras have several orders of magnitude more bits/sec than radar (or lidar). Radar must meaningfully increase signal/noise of bitstream to be worth complexity of integrating it. As vision processing gets better, it just leaves radar far behind.
When radar and vision disagree, which one do you believe? Vision has much more precision, so better to double down on vision than do sensor fusion.
This is a major problem!
Just needs some legs
The Starship launch tower that catches the giant rocket booster is basically Mechazilla
But wait how is the core of the earth lit by the sun? Stop asking questions!!
Kong vs Godzilla has record for most meth ever consumed in a writers room
going to moon very soon
Actually happened to me in Cyberpunk haha
Pretty much
Where is Shrek !?
Good point. Next major software rev will do much better with automating wipers, seat heating &amp; defrost. Probable seat settings just based on occupant mass distribution should be possible.
Yup
Turns out love video games &amp; snacks just like us!
Its all about the cufflinks
I feel like this sometimes
It will
Remove
Simulation is improving rendering resolution
Congrats to NIO. That is a tough milestone.
Almost ready with FSD Beta V9.0. Step change improvement is massive, especially for weird corner cases &amp; bad weather. Pure vision, no radar.
Thanks to all that helped SpaceX!
Just read it. Book is accurate.
Yeah
Pretty much
Soon our monkey will be on twitch &amp; discord haha
Good piece!
Comes with wireless charging baseball cap
Pretty much Great episode!
A monkey is literally playing a video game telepathically using a brain chip!!
Yes
The device is implanted flush with skull &amp; charges wirelessly, so you look &amp; feel totally normal
Absolutely doable. Possibly as soon as Neuralink device version , highly likely by version .
Later versions will be able to shunt signals from Neuralinks in brain to Neuralinks in body motor/sensory neuron clusters, thus enabling, for example, paraplegics to walk again
Yes
First product will enable someone with paralysis to use a smartphone with their mind faster than someone using thumbs
Hopefully, later this year
Sure
Monkey plays Pong with his mind
Looking at pups soon!
Shock absorption is built into tower arms. Since tower is ground side, it can use a lot more mass to arrest booster downward momentum.
Load points just below the grid fins
Just one skyscraper catching another nbd haha
Thanks Tesla suppliers for providing us with critical parts!
A tidal wave of vaccine is being produced!
Probably J&amp;J, but BioNtech &amp; Moderna are good too. Some debate imo as to whether a second synthetic mRNA shot is really needed, but the first is a no-brainer.
Latter
To be clear, I do support vaccines in general &amp; covid vaccines specifically. The science is unequivocal. In very rare cases, there is an allergic reaction, but this is easily addressed with an EpiPen.
Needs legs for moon &amp; Mars
Global payload to orbit is the key metric
Nice
Ideal scenario imo is catching Starship in horizontal glide with no landing burn, although that is quite a challenge for the tower! Next best is catching with tower, with emergency pad landing mode on skirt (no legs).
Starship booster, largest flying object ever designed, will be caught out of sky by launch tower. Big step forward, as reflight can be done in under an hour.
Well-written and fair, much like his articles on space
Coming soon. Crazy number of launches this year!
They will be recovered from the water &amp; reused
Tanks for the memery! Panzer of the Lake
What do you think of the unusually high ratio of S&amp market cap to GDP?
Some kind of ELO level, updated once or twice a year based on what someone actually got done, might be most effective. Important that it go both up *and* down.
New &amp; improved version!
Special mention of Tesla China
Obv
Great work by Tesla team!
Nice
The Earth is not flat, its a hollow globe &amp; Donkey King lives there!
Those two really could have come in handy for the stuck ship!
Last Kingdom vs Vikings
Ascent phase, transition to horizontal &amp; control during free fall were good. A (relatively) small CH4 leak led to fire on engine &amp; fried part of avionics, causing hard start attempting landing burn in CH4 turbopump. This is getting fixed ways to Sunday.
Godzilla vs Kong is so amaze much wow! Most insane movie Ive ever seen! Love letter to conspiracy theorists! And yet heartwarming in the end.
The Starships feast in Valhalla!
One of the greatest things Ive ever seen
Ich habe ein Semester Deutsch an der Universitt studiert usw
Haha Falcon? Nein!
I recommend propulsive landing, as that is extensible to planets, moons &amp; asteroids. Wings &amp; runways are limited to Earth.
For practical purposes, there is no limit. It will just get increasingly difficult to service.
This a good path, but I recommend aiming for full reusability
Urgent need to build more housing in greater Austin area!
Austin++
No it doesnt hurt at all
True
I fried a lot of neurons on that problem!
Me in my sick new car (left him the money)
Had no money to invest in Zip2, but my founder equity yielded ~$15M after tax. Of that, I rolled ~$10M into PayPal, which yielded ~$180M, then Basic principle is that I would not ask investors to risk money on my company if I would not also do so.
Major new Supercharger station coming to Santa Monica soon! Hoping to have s diner &amp; best movie clips playing too. Thanks Santa Monica city!
After all, SpaceXs first payload to orbit &amp; back was a wheel of cheese
Glad you enjoyed the experience!
SpaceX is going to put a literal Dogecoin on the literal moon
Nicheman his superpower is appealing to small audiences
True
Over people are needed for Giga Texas just through ! - mins from airport mins from downtown - Right on Colorado river
Can be a little foggy sometimes
Barely a scratch. Back on the stand soon! Will report conclusions as soon as we know them.
Starbase will grow by several thousand people over the next year or two
I sure hope so!
Agreed! Were not super far, as Magic Valley Utility can give us almost all wind-power, which will be used for LOX (78% of propellant mass)/N2/argon distillation. Were also aiming to increase solar power from MW to MW, paired with Tesla Megapacks, for continuous power.
Probably most in space you could possibly feel by being in a glass dome
Am donating $20M to Cameron County schools &amp; $10M to City of Brownsville for downtown revitalization. Details to follow next week.
BN1 is a manufacturing pathfinder, so will be scrapped. We learned a lot, but have already changed design to BN2. Goal is to get BN2 with engines on orbital pad before end of April. It might even be orbit-capable if we are lucky.
Please consider moving to Starbase or greater Brownsville/South Padre area in Texas &amp; encourage friends to do so! SpaceXs hiring needs for engineers, technicians, builders &amp; essential support personnel of all kinds are growing rapidly.
More like V10.0
Next major technology rev is at SN20. Those ships will be orbit-capable with heat shield &amp; stage separation system. Ascent success probability is high. However, SN20+ vehicles will probably need many flight attempts to survive Mach entry heating &amp; land intact.
SN15 rolls to launch pad in a few days. It has hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software &amp; engine. Hopefully, one of those improvements covers this problem. If not, then retrofit will add a few more days.
Looks like engine had issues on ascent &amp; didnt reach operating chamber pressure during landing burn, but, in theory, it wasnt needed. Something significant happened shortly after landing burn start. Should know what it was once we can examine the bits later today.
At least the crater is in the right place!
A high production rate solves many ills
Demand is no problem, but near-term cell supply makes it hard to scale Semi. This limitation will be less onerous next year.
Tracking to a potential am liftoff
That would be great, or possibly via video with full access to telemetry
FAA inspector unable to reach Starbase in time for launch today. Postponed to no earlier than tomorrow.
Possible Starship flight tomorrow afternoon
Trying
Who is
Nice
Wholesome memes
We should be laughing our asses off if its so damn smart!
I wanna know when AI will be able to do standup comedy well!?
Sounds about right
Its not really possible to match the human brain in for any amount of money imo, but it will be possible probably in a few years
This is crazy. Should use Tesla Megapacks for load-leveling the grid. More effective, more reliable and costs less.
Haha actually true
Check out our new crane
This appears to be widespread. I wonder who is doing it
We are too cell-constrained right now, but probably ok next year
Great video
Standing down SN11 until probably Monday. Additional checkouts are needed. Doing our best to land &amp; fully recover.
Haha
Heavy comes in more like a javelin. Similar to Falcon , but caught by the tower vs landing on legs.
I think there is a &gt;0% chance Tesla could be the biggest company
Solar has come a long way. Now just needs lots of long-life batteries!
Shame on you, Onion. This is why people are switching to !
/2 My father &amp; his extended family have been dependent on financial support from my brother &amp; me for over years. This article is actually accurate:
/2 This article is false. - I arrived by myself in Canada in with ~CA$2500 - Paid my own way through college, ending with ~$100k student debt - Started st company with no funding &amp; just one computer I built - Theres no evidence whatsoever of an emerald mine
There will be no handles
If theres ever a scandal about me, *please* call it Elongate
This comment thread is
Dont defy DeFi
Mars rover looking back
Fair point
You raise a good point haha
Wow, shame on ZDF Info!
Pay by Bitcoin capability available outside US later this year
Tesla is using only internal &amp; open source software &amp; operates Bitcoin nodes directly. Bitcoin paid to Tesla will be retained as Bitcoin, not converted to fiat currency.
You can now buy a Tesla with Bitcoin
Yup
And books haha
You can basically learn anything on YouTube/Reddit
SpaceX will be landing Starships on Mars well before . The really hard threshold is making Mars Base Alpha self-sustaining.
He was great on many levels
Strongest argument against aliens
I once did a road trip across most of US with adults &amp; kids in a Model S!
They are aiming too low. Only rockets that are fully &amp; rapidly reusable will be competitive. Everything else will seem like a cloth biplane in the age of jets.
The new Plaid S is our best car ever. Will be first production car to achieve -60mph in under secs &amp; it has four doors &amp; seats up to people.
SpaceX is developing rockets needed to make life multiplanetary full &amp; rapid reusability at large scale. Even if SpaceX fails in that goal, the rockets will still be most advanced on Earth. Starlinks purpose is to provide Internet to the least served &amp; to pay for Mars.
Going well. Lot of work for an extra secs of Isp!
Hopefully will happen this decade
True
I am accumulating resources to help make life multiplanetary &amp; extend the light of consciousness to the stars
When vast amounts of manufacturing are needed, as in robotaxis, this slows down rate of introduction, so maybe more like winner-takes-a-quarter. Still great.
Not trying to roast, just being as literal as possible
Yeah, but Im English
Not quite how I would tell the story, but its probably worth a read
This is important
Wow, hard to believe that was years ago!
Sigh
I actually ate the sandwich haha!
Music in zero gravity
Given significant architectural changes, including fundamental improvements to pure vision, there is limited value to testing .x. Hoping to upload V9.0 &amp; button next month.
An orbital propellant depot optimized for cryogenic storage probably makes sense long-term
The [ahem] reach-around
We could talk about Life, the Universe and Everything
Coming soon!
As you can see, I have a long history with using tents!
What would you like to talk about?
Floor is installed, elevator is operational, waiting on glass
The high bay is measured to fit!
We will need launch tower for that. Hook height for the lift is ~140 m &amp; both booster &amp; ship need to be stabilized at stage separation joint.
Yes, Booster is a production pathfinder, figuring out how to build &amp; transport meter tall stage. Booster will fly.
First Super Heavy Booster
Sometimes its about Doge
Haha
The simulation really struggled to make this look real haha
Aspirationally acerbic alliteration -&gt; Bullshit baffles brains
Thats our goal
SN11 almost ready to fly
cgi irl
Actually, doesnt feel quite right selling this. Will pass.
M Doge
Im selling this song about NFTs as an NFT
Yes
SpaceX did X rest of world payload to orbit last year, probably X to X this year
I love music. It makes my heart sing.
This is good
Play your favorite song in a Tesla &amp; turn the volume to You will see. You will feel.
We will support as best we can
Fly my pretties, fly
A puckish rogue
This is an opportunity for RH to outdo CB!
What has become absolutely clear is that the plethora of self-driving corner cases can only be solved with real-world optical intelligence. This is how humans designed the road system to work. Once you have that in silicon form, everything else is just icing on the cake.
Falcon flies for the th time tonight
It sees in all directions simultaneously
Im getting a Shiba Inu
Ja
Homo sapiens techno: Loves raves &amp; technology
Why are you so dogematic, they ask
Origin of Doge Day Afternoon: The ancient Romans sacrificed a Dogecoin at the beginning of the Doge Days to appease the rage of Sirius, believing that the star was the cause of the hot, sultry weather.
Doge day afternoon
Woketopia. Battle for the Moral High Ground in this new game!
This Magic Moment
Yes!
Yes
For sure wise for elderly or immunocompromised to take the vaccine. Some debate about the second jab though. Quite a few negative reactions to that.
FSD Beta has now been expanded to ~2000 owners &amp; weve also revoked beta where drivers did not pay sufficient attention to the road. No accidents to date. Next significant release will be in April. Going with pure vision not even using radar. This is the way to real-world AI.
Absolutely
Both do mining &amp; use blocks &amp; chains
BTC (Bitcoin) is an anagram of TBC(The Boring Company) What a coincidence!
Quarks &amp; leptons
Green flame in this context means engine is burning internal components made of copper. This is usually followed by a RUD (Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly).
Dieses Jahr
Transparent aluminum (ALON) might be cool
Celebrating a year of great work by the SpaceX team!
Wow!
Like , but *with* self-driving haha
If manifest is met, SpaceX will do ~75% of total Earth payload to orbit with Falcon. A single Starship is designed to do in a day what all rockets on Earth currently do in a year. Even so, ~1000 Starships will take ~20 years to build a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Yes
Falcon is almost always at max capacity. When it has spare performance, it flies back to land, which costs much less than using a droneship. Our fundamental constraint is mass to orbit per unit time. Last year, SpaceX launched roughly double payload mass of rest of world.
Fuel cells should be called fool sells! Such a silly choice for cars. Not great even for a rocket upper stage imo, but at least not absurd.
I was just up there. Elevator on the other side. Floor is in, glass coming soon.
Yeah, we talked about that internally. Could just have it land on a big net or bouncy castle. Lacks dignity, but would work. But, optimized landing propellant is only ~5% of dry mass, so its not a gamechanger.
Might just catch the ship with the launch tower, same as booster
Battery energy density is the key to electric aircraft. Autonomy for aircraft could have been done a long time ago. Modern airliners are very close to autonomous.
There were baffles, but one may have acted like a straw to suck bubbles in from above liquid/gas level. Something similar happened on an early Falcon flight, resulting in unexpectedly high liquid oxygen residuals at main engine cutoff.
Fair point. If autogenous pressurization had been used, CH4 bubbles would most likely have reverted to liquid. Helium in header was used to prevent ullage collapse from slosh, which happened in prior flight. My fault for approving. Sounded good at the time.
SN10 engine was low on thrust due (probably) to partial helium ingestion from fuel header tank. Impact of m/s crushed legs &amp; part of skirt. Multiple fixes in work for SN11.
We will ask the regulators
Build of FSD should be done QA testing by end of next week, so thats roughly when download button should show up
Assuming user approves warning &amp; agrees to drive carefully, it will download latest QA-tested FSD Beta build as soon as car connects to wifi
Delamain AI cabs should be able to drive themselves when youre in them &amp; be electric by
it until you make it
Not connecting Tesla cars to Starlink, as our terminal is much too big. This is for aircraft, ships, large trucks &amp; RVs.
Starbase, Texas
Its all hot air in the end haha
Still many fine details to address, but the final product will be fantastic. Theres nothing else even close.
Haha true. Yet, still, so much dignity is ascribed to horses!
Carnot efficiency of the Universe?
Ultimately, yes
Great band, too bad they broke up
Update probably in Q2. Cybertruck will be built at Giga Texas, so focus right now is on getting that beast built.
The $1400 is mostly good imo (UBI lite), as the people get to choose how the money is spent, but the rest is mostly net bad for the people as a whole (though it is obviously characterized otherwise).
Should be very soon. Many subtle differences between US &amp; Canada roads, so harder than it seems.
The Tesla FSD computer started shipping in volume in Q2 . cars should all have FSD computers, whether or not ordered as an option.
Availability varies by region due to regulatory approval delays and/or Tesla internal development &amp; testing. Note: word Beta is used to reduce complacency in usage &amp; set expectations appropriately. All software is first tested internally by Tesla simulation &amp; QA drive teams.
Due to high levels of demand for FSD Beta, adding Download Beta button to Service section of car display in ~10 days
Doge spelled backwards is Egod
Beta V8.3 has literally ~1000 improvements. Will take time to QA internally before release probably in two or three weeks.
This was way past leg loads. They got squashed hard.
If you want the Tesla Full Self-Driving Beta downloaded to your car, let us know. Doubling beta program size now with &amp; probably X size with . Still be careful, but its getting mature.
Starhopper is an old timer who has seen a lot of things!
Thrust was low despite being commanded high for reasons unknown at present, hence hard touchdown. Weve never seen this before. Next time, min two engines all the way to the ground &amp; restart engine if engine or have issues.
Was super fun tbh haha
Or is this just fantasy?
SN10 is in Valhalla now
Cybervikings of Mars
Tesla AI, both hardware &amp; software, is deeply underestimated
Tesla &amp; Ford are the only American carmakers not to have gone bankrupt out of s of car startups. Prototypes are easy, production is hard &amp; being cash flow positive is excruciating.
cgi irl
SpaceX team is doing great work! One day, the true measure of success will be that Starship flights are commonplace.
RIP SN10, honorable discharge
Starship SN10 landed in one piece!
Launch abort on slightly conservative high thrust limit. Increasing thrust limit &amp; recycling propellant for another flight attempt today.
mins to Starship test flight attempt
March rd
Starship launch tomorrow. Window opens at am.
Yes, beta will be offered much more widely when version is done, hopefully next month
FSD beta build V8.1 normally drives me around with no interventions. Next version is a big step change beyond that. Tesla is solving a major part of real-world AI. This is not widely known.
Youre welcome
Good point
Ok, lets figure this out tomorrow. Im all for exciting video coverage, but we also cant have the place festooned with cameras.
First Ive heard of this. Well fix the situation. Im a fan of video!
Indeed it was
Sounds about right, but we want to be very careful with this transition period
There was still a surprisingly high usage of horses in , but the trend was obvious
Space
From thence to Mars, And hence the Stars.
An area much larger than Boca Chica
Very much so &amp; its leader shall be The Doge
Creating the city of Starbase, Texas
Cool
Yup
Horses are even self-driving!
Scammers &amp; crypto should get a room
: Dogecoin is dumb
Note, buying FSD will still be a better long-term deal than subscription
Q2 for sure
Green eggs &amp; SPAC
Looks familiar haha. Nonetheless, the right move. Congrats to Rocket Lab.
Tesla China team rocks!
Doge meme shield (legendary item)
New drug coming out called Regretamine. Pop one &amp; all regrets are gone.
Always wondered where exactly your gaming character keeps all the stuff
Ahem
Do androids dream of electric cars?
Nothing if not discreet
Hey babe
We will use a catapult &amp; air mattresses to land on the roof, then base jump off
Nickel is our biggest concern for scaling lithium-ion cell production. Thats why we are shifting standard range cars to an iron cathode. Plenty of iron (and lithium)!
Absolutely
Fremont shut down for two days (parts shortages) &amp; restarted yesterday
This is not about winning anyone over. We are production-limited. The reason we are making our own cells is to *supplement* max production of suppliers. Even moving at full speed, they cannot build enough cells.
I hope they do! It would be awesome
Prices in the US (of all goods) dont include VAT, but its usually included in other countries. Then theres import duty &amp; transport costs. The intent is that revenue to Tesla is roughly similar in all countries, so taxes, tariffs &amp; transport make up the difference.
mm of full hard or Stainless is bulletproof to a mm or .45
Not a meta4, I mean actual books
Both
I admit to judging books by their cover
Starship to the moon
Sounds like a good idea
Out on launch pad, engine swap underway
Probably mid year, but Starlink is really meant for those who are least served. Bay usually has great Internet.
You might see much higher download speeds on Starlink at times. Testing system upgrades.
Rockets are ridiculously hard (sigh)
I love dogs &amp; memes
On the actual moon
Literally
Potentially
Many steps forward, some steps back. Yes, we do a lot of QA before releasing a beta version.
They will fly there from our launch site. Stationed around the world.
Seems likely
Were upgrading all NNs to surround video, using subnets on focal areas (vs equal compute on all uncropped pixels) &amp; many other things, so more time needed to write &amp; validate software. Maybe something next week. This is evolving into solving a big part of physical world AI.
Interesting
One of them may be in limited operation by end of year
One of the engines is suspect, so were swapping it out
Short-term, CH4 delivered &amp; O2 produced. Propellant is ~78% O2. Long-term, Sabatier reaction to convert CO2 + H2O -&gt; CH4 + O2 using wind &amp; solar power.
Just a Surface Detail
I hope we dont go bankrupt building them!
Excession
Super cool
We have too much product complexity already
Tunnels!!
Hopefully, later this year
Later this year
It is still available off menu, but I dont think the range, in many drive conditions, yet meets the Tesla standard of excellence
The Tesla Solar Roof is slightly hydrophobic, so water, snow or ice slide off easily
Final design is looking Was just in the studio
Most of Earth by end of year, all by next year, then its about densifying coverage. Important to note that cellular will always have the advantage in dense urban areas. Satellites are best for low to medium population density areas.
Speed will double to ~300Mb/s &amp; latency will drop to ~20ms later this year
Of spaceflight
Hypernominalization
Dojo Doge
Good chance of flying this week!
Should we?
Why dont we have these already!?
Cryptocurrency explained
Or did they say pegged to the dollar? Something like that
Heard a rumor some crypto coin was pegging the dollar
Machine learning is so amaze!
Just some used Antminer L3+ rigs bought off eBay. Not really economic, but it was a fun family project.
Most people have no idea, even though there are so many FSD progress videos posted. Munro understood right away. There will be a gap before the next release, but then it will be a step change better. Tesla is solving a major real-world AI problem.
I just set up some little Doge mining rigs with my kids. It was fun.
That said, BTC &amp; ETH do seem high lol
An email saying you have gold is not the same as having gold. You might as well have crypto. Money is just data that allows us to avoid the inconvenience of barter. That data, like all data, is subject to latency &amp; error. The system will evolve to that which minimizes both.
Avocado Toast
I just want to start a flame in your heart
Just for a day
Congratulations!!
Somehow, a hash text file using ancient crypto can be exchanged for real goods &amp; services!? Amazing.
To be clear, I am *not* an investor, I am an engineer. I dont even own any publicly traded stock besides Tesla. However, when fiat currency has negative real interest, only a fool wouldnt look elsewhere. Bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money. The key word is almost.
Teslas action is not directly reflective of my opinion. Having some Bitcoin, which is simply a less dumb form of liquidity than cash, is adventurous enough for an S&amp500 company.
SpaceX in south Texas &amp; Tesla in central have been providing direct assistance where feasible (eg save cold turtles &amp; help power the water treatment plant). Please let us know if we may be helpful in other ways.
Yes
. is not earning that R
Youre right
Covered in snow &amp; ice, roads mostly closed &amp; no power in Austin
There will definitely be a MarsCoin!
Sounds like it is
Yeah. Active fairing half recovered though.
SpaceX Boca team is helping save the turtles
Disturbing concentration
Only if necessary
Absolutely
I will literally pay actual $ if they just void their accounts
Yup
Temporarily lower, long-term raise
An acceptable percentage. Doge is much more concentrated.
If major Dogecoin holders sell most of their coins, it will get my full support. Too much concentration is the only real issue imo.
Success on landing probability is ~60% this time
. would you like join me for a conversation on Clubhouse?
Lil meme juice for the weekend
Good analysis. Were working on lowering min throttle of Raptor, so that there is engine redundancy throughout the landing burn.
Yup. Banks are basically balkanized, heterogeneous databases with high latency &amp; weak security, especially ACH transfers &amp; credit cards.
A know a thing or two about payments
Im an alien
Ray tracing on Cyberpunk with HDR is next-level. Have you tried it?
Great interview!
Doge is underestimated
Congratulations Tesla China for amazing execution last year. Now on to the next for even more!!
Happy New Year of the Ox!
Frodo was the underdoge, All thought he would fail, Himself most of all.
Haha thanks
Indeed! Tweets definitely do not represent real-world time allocation.
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Just sent some
Just agree to do Clubhouse with
Its getting real
Bought some Dogecoin for lil X, so he can be a toddler hodler
He definitely has issues, but the sentencing seems a bit high
Thanks for fixing
Please unlock my account
This is true power haha
Any crypto wallet that wont give you your private keys should be avoided at all costs
Your app sucks
Yes
Once we can predict cash flow reasonably well, Starlink will IPO
Starlink is a staggeringly difficult technical &amp; economic endeavor. However, if we dont fail, the cost to end users will improve every year.
SpaceX needs to pass through a deep chasm of negative cash flow over the next year or so to make Starlink financially viable. Every new satellite constellation in history has gone bankrupt. We hope to be the first that does not.
Lowest cost per ton of carbon sequestered, net of value of any product made. Must be scalable to gigaton level. Aiming for maximum usefulness.
Its meant to be the same price in all countries. Only difference should be taxes &amp; shipping.
This is intended for Earth, but there may be some ideas that apply to Mars too
XPrize team will manage the $100M carbon capture prize
Everyone at Tesla receives stock. My comp is all stock/options, which I do not take off the table. Thats what youre missing.
Back to work I go
Does seem a bit high
Doge appears to be inflationary, but is not meaningfully so (fixed of coins per unit time), whereas BTC is arguably deflationary to a fault. Transaction speed of Doge should ideally be a few orders of magnitude faster.
Wow
. Orbital launch tower that can stack . Enough Raptors for orbit booster . Improve ship &amp; booster mass
Back to work tonight!
is for ogecoin! Instructional video.
The people have spoken
So cute
Extremely misleading image, as doesnt reflect true time cost to people or rain &amp; pain
Who let the Doge out
Hodl the rainforests!!
So its finally come to this
Its the most fun crypto!
Its simplicity is its genius
Yup
True
Not that easy. This is two decades of intense work. Have to look at old notes, emails, texts.
Yes
Lessons learned
Of Earth and Mars
Time to tell the story of Tesla &amp; SpaceX
Have you read ? Its great!!
The Second Last Kingdom
Havent heard that name in years
Dogecake
YOLT
Thats Damian
Yeah
Sure
The great thing about restaurants is that you get to hang out with strangers! - SJM
The future currency of Earth
Just a scratch
Much wow!
Destiny
Franz was essential
That said, the ship landing burn has a clear solution. My greatest concern is achieving good payload to orbit with rapid &amp; full reusability, without which we shall forever be confined to Earth.
Will still use hot gas maneuvering (RCS) thrusters, as ~5X more efficient than nitrogen (300 sec vs sec Isp)
Higher Isp too
Intuitively, it would seem so, but turbopump-fed Raptors have much higher thrust &amp; propellant mass fraction than pressure-fed gas thrusters &amp; theyre already there
Yes
Its true!
Yeah. By default, engine with least lever arm would shut down if all are good.
Yes, but engines have a min throttle point where there is flameout risk, so landing on engines means high thrust/weight (further away from hover point), which is also risky
Yes
It was foolish of us not to start engines &amp; immediately shut down , as are needed to land
I am become meme, Destroyer of shorts
Might actually happen
Sandstorm is a masterpiece
We were too dumb
Next time, we try pull *up* method
Low-key Loki
No highs, no lows, only Doge
No need to be a gigachad to own
Dogecoin is the peoples crypto
ur welcome
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Doge
High seas &amp; wind
This was a tough one
Off Twitter for a while
It will be filled with graffiti art
Giga Berlin progress
Neuralink is working super hard to ensure implant safety &amp; is in close communication with the FDA. If things go well, we might be able to do initial human trials later this year.
If youve worked on advanced wearables, phones or robots, those skills are needed
Feels weird helping make (hopefully good version of) Cyberpunk come true
Please consider working at Neuralink! Short-term: solve brain/spine injuries Long-term: human/AI symbiosis Latter will be species-level important Work at either at our Bay Area or Austin locations
On Clubhouse tonight at pm LA time
Tom has some great stories about experimenting with premixed O2/CH4 before SpaceX. That is not recommended haha.
He became a big fan of methane, but was not pushing it initially. That came from me reading about Soviet methane engine tests that got over Isp. At that Isp, a subcooled methane stage gets slightly better delta-V than a hydrogen stage.
That sounds correct. Tom certainly deserves a lot of credit for his excellent work on those engines! Dean Ono too for Kestrel &amp; Draco.
Tom is great &amp; was instrumental in developing early versions of Merlin &amp; Kestrel, but not later versions of Merlin or Starship/Raptor
T/W will be ~1.5, so it will accelerate unusually fast. High T/W is important for reusable vehicles to make more efficient use of propellant, the primary cost. For expendable rockets, throwing away stages is the primary cost, so optimization is low T/W.
No escaping that for me
Read the whole article
Warm, sunny day &amp; snowy mountains
What a beautiful day in LA
Yeah, Dr Frankensteen
I never used this guy. He gave a talk at SpaceX once.
Only Halo
I sure hope thats not true at Tesla or SpaceX!
Cryoproof, then install engines
Starship SN9 &amp; SN10
In retrospect, it was inevitable
Great shot
Live by the sword, die by the sword
Entropy
Buy &amp; hold companies that make goods &amp; produce services you love
Earth is small &amp; we are smaller still
With Cyberpunk, even the hotfixes literally have hotfixes, but great game
The dollar is shorting itself
Indeed
Shopify is great too. SpaceX used them.
Indeed. The economy making useful products &amp; providing great services is what actually matters.
TANSTAAFL. Would be better to have small fees than no fees, as latter makes Robinhood beholden to big trading houses. Got to pay the bills somehow. Even Etsy has fees.
Here come the shorty apologists Give them no respect Get Shorty
u cant sell houses u dont own u cant sell cars u dont own but u *can* sell stock u dont own!? this is bs shorting is a scam legal only for vestigial reasons
Yes
Finishing engineering this year, production starts next year. Aiming to have release candidate design drivable late summer. Tri-motor drive system &amp; advanced battery work were important precursors.
I made that video!
Absolutely
Unlike its aircraft division, which is fine, the FAA space division has a fundamentally broken regulatory structure. Their rules are meant for a handful of expendable launches per year from a few government facilities. Under those rules, humanity will never get to Mars.
Nomad
The esthetics of Cyberpunk are incredible btw. The interior design is.
Major esthetics improvements coming
A little
New Roadster is part rocket
Theres more storage now &amp; easily upgradable
Yes
Yeah, probably in a few months
After you drive without using a PRND stalk/stick for a few days, it gets very annoying to go back &amp; use a shifter!
No more stalks. Car guesses drive direction based on what obstacles it sees, context &amp; nav map. You can override on touchscreen.
A hedge fund that shorts is a shrubbery
Yeah, also a rear screen
to mph trap speed in a /4 mile. mph top speed (with right tires).
First production car ever to achieve to mph in less than seconds
It can play Cyberpunk
Plaid Model S ships next month
Even Discord has gone corpo
Yup. Wild times on Discord haha.
Waiting for FAA review
Gamestonk!!
Passed initial pressure test
Yes
Bought a hand knit wool Marvin the Martian helm for my dog
I kinda love Etsy
It does not serve the public to hamstring Starlink today for an Amazon satellite system that is at best several years away from operation
Were hoping for FAA approval of a test flight tomorrow afternoon
The entire stack from data collection through labeling &amp; inference has to be in surround video. This is a hard problem. Critically, however, this does not require a hardware change to cars in field.
Yes, although it will be crazy not to turn on FSD
Tesla is steadily moving all NNs to camera surround video. This will enable superhuman self-driving.
[Some tyranny]. Also, the road to hell is mostly paved with bad intentions.
Catchy!
All sats launched next year will have laser links. Only our polar sats have lasers this year &amp; are v0.9.
Yup
I hope so
These also have laser links between the satellites, so no ground stations are needed over the poles
Sorry for the version confusion. V8.1 is what it should say for FSD. Separate version number for rest of car.
To my surprise, Tesla has better AI hardware &amp; software than Waymo (money)
It floats
Fallout-themed opening party for Vegas Loop happening as soon as allowed!
Under Vegas in tunnel yesterday with my boys
Lasers
Were switching to a more sensible FSD version numbering to distinguish between major &amp; minor updates. Current build is FSD . It drove me to an unfamiliar location in LA &amp; back last night with no interventions!
Hopefully, early next week
Given so many other companies are depending on this mission, it is getting even more scrutiny than a Starlink flight
Launching many small satellites for a wide range of customers tomorrow. Excited about offering low-cost access to orbit for small companies!
They are part of the solution, but require lots of fresh water &amp; land. We may need something thats ultra-large- scale industrial in to years. For now, by far the top priority is accelerating the transition to a sustainable energy economy.
SN9
Its a good path for fully renewable rocket energy, so solves part of problem, but longer chain hydrocarbons than CH4 are needed to be solid at room temp
Details next week
Am donating $100M towards a prize for best carbon capture technology
Pretty much
That would probably mean civilization is doing great, although depends on assumptions for inflation haha
Hes everywhere
Absolutely! They rock.
The rate-limiting part or process in cell production is constantly changing
Cars &amp; trucks stuck in traffic generate megatons of toxic gases &amp; particulate, but road tunnels under Miami would solve traffic &amp; be an example to the world. Spoke with about tunnels last week. If Governor &amp; Mayor want this done, we will do it.
With our giant casting machines, we are literally trying to make full-size cars in the same way that toy cars are made
Tegmark is an exceptionally smart &amp; good human
The best manufacturing technology is in ultra high volume industries, like food &amp; beverage, some medical (eg syringes) &amp; toys
Battery cell production is the fundamental rate-limiter slowing down a sustainable energy future. Very important problem.
Looking into this. No question that FSD should be viewed as reasonably valuable when doing a trade-in.
For sure
Glad youre ok
Congratulations!
This is a good one
I whistle
Cybertruck doesnt need a garage
It will be awesome
Good point
Your server-side code is doing too much
Happy birthday Wikipedia! So glad you exist.
Guess you been watching Cobra Kai
Fallout New Texas
Only Chuck Norris can divide by zero
Good point
The thing we call money is just an information system for labor allocation. What actually matters is making goods &amp; providing services. We should look at currencies from an information theory standpoint. Whichever has least error &amp; latency will win.
Monty Python is amazing
They sure can twist the knife in that show!
Probably wise
Were making major improvements to ease of engine swap. Needs to be a few hours at most.
Two of the engines need slight repairs, so will be switched out
Nice shot
We dont have high school internships, but please apply when youre in college!
Prototypes are easy, volume production is hard, positive cash flow is excruciating
Physics
Detanking &amp; inspections now. Good progress towards our Hop in &amp; go to Mars! goal.
All three static fires completed &amp; no RUDs!
Wow, a lot has happened in years!
Fair enough haha
Sea shanty tiktok takes it to a new level with actual pirate ships
Sure
Today at SpaceX is about practicing Starship engine starts. Ship is held down by massive pins while engines are fired. Two starts completed, about to try a third.
As promised
Legalize comedy
You can steal our name/logos &amp; we probably wont sue you
Were just trying to get people to Mars. Help would be appreciated.
One day, we will get a camera up there that also shows the star field in the background
Suicide is more than double homicide
Absolutely
Hey you Yeah you Queen Youre gonna make it!
Hate to say it, but might be true
The robot future is coming
km every millisecond, but there are times I wish it were faster
Mus protec yoda
This is an important distinction
Much more than this &amp; increasing rapidly
It is
Once in a while, something happens that is even better than we imagined
The factory is the product
Probably commenting on will do more
I bought the replacement glass from a junkyard for $20. Theyre great places to get spare parts.
A lot of people are going to be super unhappy with West Coast high tech as the de facto arbiter of free speech
Already donated to Signal a year ago. Will donate more.
I am primarily trying to advance two causes: sustainable energy &amp; extending life/consciousness beyond Earth. There is also the existential threat of AI, which we should aspire to mitigate. This doesnt leave time to write books.
Maybe a Tesla AI day later this year
The Prancing Pony?
Its true
Yes, but not for long
Yeah, they seemed optimistic too
My -year-old son, Saxon, said he feels like will be a good year. I agree. Let us all make it so.
Was also thinking that SpaceX Boca should hold fun parties and give tours for the community from time to time
I super support public spaces around our production &amp; launch sites, wherever it can be done safely and securely. When covid passes, we will open up our restaurant to the public &amp; figure out ways to allow limited access to the High Bar.
That too
Catapult high into the air &amp; land on the roof with a base jumping parachute (the only way to travel)
Thats actually our restaurant, but SpaceX is building a futuristic bar at the top of the high bay with degree windows &amp; a glass floor looking down on the rocket factory
And increase fun! Hopefully.
Me neither
One of the best Tesla Solar Roof installations
No, but maybe one day
Yes, that would be the best way to do it. A large solar field or reactor is needed for power, and then some ice mining droids or long maneuvering drills are needed for the H2O. These are probably the trickier bits.
His sick beats
Probably less than a few dozen primary decision-makers. Technically, only three.
Or at least the option for verification, so that the public can ascribe more credibility to verified vs unverified accounts
Launch underway
Btw, critical feedback is always super appreciated, as well as ways to donate money that really make a difference (way harder than it seems)
Yup
Indirectly, an electric rocket is possible by using electricity to convert CO2+H2O &gt; CH4+O2. This will be needed on Mars even for early missions &amp; Earth too over time.
Not to get to orbit, unfortunately. In space, photon emission powered by matter-antimatter annihilation would rock, but thats more of a long-term solution.
This will be hard to make, as it isnt like any other vehicle
Playing the long game
True
I hope so. Wings dont work on the moon at all and def not well on Mars. Also, no runways.
Hamiltonians have +2V the potential of Langrangians and a play!
Well, back to work
How strange
Use Signal
Ya dont say. Reminds me of this timeless classic
Fast water with tiny rocks
Yes, and then Occams razor is actually third most likely
As seen from an external observer, not the participants
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Dumb and Dumber is a great movie tho
This is called the domino effect
Doesnt quite illustrate true size difference. Starship payload volume &amp; mass are &gt;1000% that of Shuttle.
Because of the large footprint, it may seem flat, but actually ranges up to stories tall
Snow falling on Giga Berlin
Yes
Tesla is responsible for /3 of all the personal &amp; professional pain in my life combined. But it was worth it.
So proud of the Tesla team for achieving this major milestone! At the start of Tesla, I thought we had (optimistically) a % chance of surviving at all.
Um, we have giant fusion reactor in the sky that works with no maintenance
Tesla Full Self-Driving will work at a safety level well above that of the average driver this year, of that I am confident. Cant speak for regulators though.
Dojo isnt needed, but will make self-driving better. It isnt enough to be safer than human drivers, Autopilot ultimately needs to be more than times safer than human drivers.
In a way, this is free QA haha
A beautiful home for life
Some Starlink terminals near conflict areas were being jammed for several hours at a time. Our latest software update bypasses the jamming. Am curious to see whats next!
Exactly
All news sources are partially propaganda, some more than others
Starlink has been told by some governments (not Ukraine) to block Russian news sources. We will not do so unless at gunpoint. Sorry to be a free speech absolutist.
SpaceX reprioritized to cyber defense &amp; overcoming signal jamming. Will cause slight delays in Starship &amp; Starlink V2.
Who, me?
Exactly
And also my sympathies to the great people of Russia, who do not want this
Hold Strong Ukraine
Obviously, this would negatively affect Tesla, but sustainable energy solutions simply cannot react instantaneously to make up for Russian oil &amp; gas exports.
Hate to say it, but we need to increase oil &amp; gas output immediately. Extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures.
Haha sure
Ich mchte mich recht herzlich bedanken. Die Zukunft ist sehr spannend!
You will be in the future
Game on
Almost all Viasat Ukraine user terminals were rendered permanently unusable by a Russian cyberattack on day of invasion, so yes
Yes, provided no metal particles in paint
Place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection
Turn on Starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible
Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. Please use with caution.
In class action lawsuits, the actual plaintiff is always the class action law firm. They just find someone willing to serve as a puppet to represent the class.
Updating software to reduce peak power consumption, so Starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter. Mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.
American Broomstick
Yeah, maybe
This old YouTube clip helps explain why former UAW members who work at Tesla are not huge fans of UAW
Yes
By the way, Tesla factory worker compensation is the highest in the auto industry
Our real challenge is Bay Area has negative unemployment, so if we dont treat and compensate our (awesome) people well, they have many other offers and will just leave! Id like hereby to invite UAW to hold a union vote at their convenience. Tesla will do nothing to stop them.
Actually, we still operate our California factory, which is the largest auto plant in North America, at full capacity and are considering expanding it significantly. It has built /3 of all electric vehicles in North America, twice as much as all other carmakers combined.
Ukraine civilian Internet was experiencing strange outages bad weather perhaps? so SpaceX is helping fix it
Solar area will need to be higher with obscuration, but works better than one might think
Solar panels + battery pack better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke &amp; doesnt run out of fuel
We couldve made a mile Model S months ago, but that wouldve made the product worse imo, as % of time youd be carrying unneeded battery mass, which makes acceleration, handling &amp; efficiency worse. Even our + mile range car is more than almost anyone will use.
That was me tweeting from when someone else had snatched my name. I was actually one of the earliest Twitter users, but dropped my account because people were tweeting such trivialities at first. convinced me to get back in.
The probability of Tesla dying in /2009 was very high. We closed our financing round at pm on Dec th the last working hour of the last day before Tesla would otherwise bounce payroll.
Self-driving cars &amp; useful humanoid robots require a sophisticated understanding of reality. I am increasingly convinced that they are on the path to solving AGI. Should AGI be solved? I dont know, but humanity is moving rapidly in this direction whether I like it or not.
Pretty good summary, although national pride is underweighted relative to economics. Latter serves former, not other way around. The foundational issue imo, which this video doesnt ignore, is low birth rate. After all, what good is land with no people?
Saints Row IV was sickkk
Saints Row
Well, I do have multiple personality disorder, but theyre all technically in the same head
Investigating
Tesla has created over US jobs building electric vehicles &amp; is investing more than double GM + Ford combined [fyi to person controlling this twitter]
Our primary challenge is affordability. Creating an expensive truck is relatively easy. If it is extremely hard to do so for Tesla, despite our much greater economies of scale &amp; better technology, then it is damn near impossible for others.
He plays golf a lot
Saudi Arabia owns /3 of Lucid, so inevitable
Their negative gross margin will be staggering
Coming soon, if you want your car to make a loud farting sound from the external speaker, just say Fart in their general direction!
All cars made since November also have push center for horn just waiting on firmware update. If you mash right side of yoke with your palm, horn will trigger.
If your war technology level is far higher than your opponent, tactics dont matter: source_not_found
Swipe down on navigate button to navigate home or to work if at home
Depends on what issues we see that are unique to Canada. If things are looking good, then we can lower the safety score threshold.
You are most welcome
Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.
Good thread
Yes
Would be a good move. Needs to include put options &amp; synthetic shorts.
Successful Starlink deploy
Weve had about or so cars testing internally in Canada. Hoping to go wider this weekend.
Starlink is a little patchy to Tonga right now, but will improve dramatically as laser inter-satellite links activate
Yes
LIDAR is a seductive local maximum. SpaceX designed &amp; built them to dock with ISS. However, the road system was designed to work with biological neural nets &amp; eyes, so a general solution to self-driving necessarily will require silicon neural nets &amp; cameras. Real-world AI.
Protagonists created over half a century ago dont count
Signal is the least insecure messaging service
Hollywood refuses to write even one story about an actual company startup where the CEO isnt a dweeb and/or evil
Just iMessage &amp; Signal
Me too
Actual question, not rhetorical
Are you sure Signal is secure?
I didnt start the fight, but I will finish it.
Building a case is exactly what Ive been doing
Exactly
Would be cool if we are backed up somehow
Yeah
Yeah, definitely dont use C unless optimizing for hardware performance!
Im a fan of Rust. Clearly scales well, given that Discord uses it. For max performance, however, nothing beats tight C with a customized compiler on specialized hardware. Important for max frame rate on vehicle inference computer. Otherwise, we mostly use C++ &amp; Python.
While it is tempting to focus on one of those arenas as the hard one, in fact they are all difficult &amp; important. Tight C &amp; custom compiler too. An inference computer optimized for energy efficiency, reliability &amp; long life is also critical. Cant just jam GPUs in the trunk.
Definitely
A general solution to self-driving (essentially, real-world AI) requires writing extremely difficult software in the arenas of training, inference, control, analytical tools, data management, hardware optimization &amp; simulation. One of the hardest technology problems that exists.
Compilers can be way better too. Not enough effort spent there.
Sorry!
Were working through the general case of making Steam games work on a Tesla vs specific titles. Former is obviously where we should be long-term.
Yes. This is an advantage of iron cathode lithium batteries.
Night City has beautiful art
Great game
But % of statistics are false
Norway is awesome!
Small changes usually affect production for less than an hour, as theyre applied to a few stations during breaks. Big changes may impact output for a day or two. Reversing out big changes or unexpected parts shortages are what impact several days.
Sometimes small changes in a single week
Switching to renewables with batteries would avoid blackouts. Batteries are essential, due to the intermittent nature of renewables.
We must fight for it to be better
This is just peeling back the first layer of the corruption onion. Stay tuned
Why many come to America
Beautiful
Yes
V11 is
Tuesday
Yeah
tau &gt; pi
In Earth years
It is taking longer than expected to make the upper stage not expendable (sigh)
Instead of research suggests, I suggest warlocks say
a river
M Night should do a horror movie about this it would resonate
Entertainment is becoming a username/password/2FA nightmare
Sounds good, we will send one over
That would be great
Maybe near BRO airport, since that serves both communities?
If South Padre and/or Brownsville would like a Starship prototype, we can send one over
Im pretty sure Ive paid the most taxes of any individual ever to California, but it isnt obvious what is done with the money
Rather than correcting itself, the lower birth rate trend appears to be accelerating
Tesla owners in the greater Giga Texas area will get priority, so yes
Single biggest threat to future of civilization imo
Ok
They will be fine
The only reason I didnt pay federal tax in is because I *overpaid* in ! Since they stole my tax records, they actually know that.
Hypocritical megadouche!
Will visit IRS next time Im in DC just to say hi, since I paid the most taxes ever in history for an individual last year. Maybe I can have a cookie or something
True
Seriously. How long must this go on?
Depends mostly on FAA certification, but hopefully within months. Were testing on Gulfstreams to debug issues, but deployment priority is commercial airliners.
Cybertruck
Yes, in the air
Probably
I think it will reach
Im dropping a new album
We have a very talented team
I wish I could help. At this point, it seems that voting at the next election is the remedy.
Actually, April th
SpaceXs goal is to make life multiplanetary, whereas their goal is to put a handful of satellites in orbit
Are they even trying?
Yes
Yes
April st
And, of course, you can pay in oge
And futuristic diner / drive-in theater planned for Hollywood area!
Indeed
Lucky bastards, we are!
We are a mobile cell colony
So amazing that we decompress from a single cell to over trillion cells
Absolutely
Pretty much
Plaid Model S &amp; X are sublime
Product &gt; Marketing
An evolutionary asymmetry helpful to survival, but counterproductive when survival is not at stake
Reasons to hate are remembered better than reasons to love
For an in-depth explanation, read
High pain threshold
Model is literally the most made in America car in well of course America
I was at a lunch with Munger in where he told the whole table all the ways Tesla would fail. Made me quite sad, but I told him I agreed with all those reasons &amp; that we would probably die, but it was worth trying anyway.
Some carmakers are trying hard
[ahem]
Ok
No way
Agreed. This has been broken for a long time.
This will be real in our lifetime
Starship to Mars simulation
Election time will be interesting
Announcements coming soon
Yes, but more ground stations &amp; improved packet routing will make a bigger difference
System is working well in Australia &amp; New Zealand
Over k Starlink user terminals
Destacking Starship
Wow, thats a lot of podcasts! Ok, I will do one. Maybe we could combine with Dave Lee and a few others.
Tim is great
Great
So many layers with Tesla FSD AI!
The pledge is good no matter what
Moving to engines on next booster
Ancient times
The fun police made us do it (sigh)
Now Tesla is worth a trilly willy!
Yup, we need to do that
High standard!
That was a tough one. New Model Y structural pack is next-level though.
Happy birthday, Jared!
The duty of a leader is to serve their people, not for the people to serve them
Car should also reverse slightly if it peeks into an intersection &amp; sees fast-moving cross-traffic (just like a person would)
Exactly
True
Probably t-F by end of year
Later this year, remaining fussy bits will be gone, allowing deletion of shroud
True national debt, including unfunded entitlements, is at least $60 trillion roughly three times the size of the entire US economy. Something has got to give.
Looming disaster for sure
Good question!
Human for scale
Tower arms are lifting Starship onto Super Heavy Booster
This would generate a lot of goodwill
Much appreciated!
Model X is an extremely difficult car to build. Most complex passenger car ever. Limiting factor is interior trim.
We dropped the ball badly regarding new Model X production ramp &amp; still havent fully recovered. Was idiotic to stop production of old X in Dec when there was still plenty of demand!
Pretty much
Thanks, this made a difference!
Tesla
Yup!
Most news outlets attempt to answer the question: What are the worst things happening on Earth today? Its a big planet! Obviously, some bad things are happening somewhere at any given time, but focusing relentlessly on those does not give an accurate picture of reality.
So hard to find out whats going on in the world without being bombarded with news that makes one sad &amp; angry!
True, careless negativity (destruction) is much harder than thoughtful positivity (creation)
Sadly true
Thats true to some degree, but citizen podcasts that arent negative like Rogan, Fridman, Dodd, TED interviews, etc are very popular. Maybe part of why traditional media outlets are so negative is because old habits die hard? They so rarely even try to be positive.
Not needed
Why is the traditional media such a relentless hatestream? Real question.
Fate Irony
It was so crazy! The insane tweet FUD campaign &amp; press hatestream of -2019 is still easily found.
Always look on the bright side of life
Nice!
True
What a hypocrite
High time we had tunnels!
The Boring Company just connected Resorts World hotel to Vegas Convention Center!
As backdrops go, this is a good one
Im pro vaccination, but anti vaccination mandate
Agreed
Munro understands
[Satire]
Thank You for Smoking
Tesla Model S &amp; X Plaid are so fun!
Extended tracking shot of Falcon
All these different standards for electricity are a tax on humanity
Gavin is kinda badass in this vid
Only very high resolution radar is relevant
We have to solve a huge part of AI just to make cars drive themselves. In retrospect, it was inevitable. The road system is designed for cameras (eyes) &amp; neural nets (brains).
Double-standard?
Its not my money
A bigger win than it may seem
Yes
Thursday next week at pm Texas time
Starship aspires to be the first fully reusable orbital launch vehicle, the holy grail of rocketry. This is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
And all the forms of life on Earth
Becoming multiplanetary is essential to extending dramatically the probable lifespan of civilization
Starship is in a different league. Orders of magnitude more mass to orbit than Falcon. Necessary for creating a self-sustaining city on Mars.
If things go well, Falcon will launch about once a week on average in , delivering ~2/3 of all Earth payload to orbit
Tesla is working hard to provide more Megapacks for grid stabilization
Congrats SpaceX Falcon team!
Exactly. The terminology is anachronistic.
Who controls the memes, Controls the universe.
Sigh
High latitudes are operational probably this summer
Haha seriously
SpaceX standard antenna production rises rapidly this year, so those with orders shouldnt have to wait long. Note, Starlink can only support a limited number of users in an area, so best to order early.
Tunnels
Exciting progress at Starbase, Texas!
bar is achievable, maybe even
This is twice the area of our standard phased array with broader scan angle
Thanks for letting me know. Will be fixed soon.
Thanks for the deep belly laugh
Starlink high performance antenna
Will begin limited rollout to Canada this month. Safety is paramount, so we have to confirm no significant issues, given slightly different road rules.
Hes actually a lobbyist, not a journalist. There are many who pose as the latter while behaving like the former. No integrity. Indeed, there were no safety issues. The car simply slowed to ~2 mph &amp; continued forward if clear view with no cars or pedestrians.
Yes
Same
Dragon hover test
Will upload some videos tomorrow
Harbinger battle on L is tough
Tesla is as much a software company as it is a hardware company, both in car and in factory. This is not widely understood.
Tesla has great respect for software engineering, they do not
story tall rocket, traveling several times faster than a bullet, backflips &amp; fires engines to return to launch site
Denmark just ended Covid restrictions
Theyve been writing bogus articles about Tesla (and me) for years. In the end, it is their own credibility that suffers.
Dave, I know youre a fan, but this is a silly question. I dont drive programs because I want to, but because I have to.
Halo Infinite campaign is good
Im driving this program personally, as is the case for almost all new programs
For reasons unknown, is unable to say the word Tesla
If the government had the mandate of the people, there would be a significant counter-protest. There is not, therefore they do not.
How many gene sequence changes to Covid-19 before it isnt Covid-19 anymore? OG Covid-19 ended a long time ago.
Protesting in a Canadian winter shows real commitment!
It would appear that the so-called fringe minority is actually the government
So many Hitlers!
A step in the right direction
Great interviewer!
If Canadian government is suppressing peaceful protests, thats where fascism lies &amp; cartoonist is just a shill
Yup
Now that the big automotive advertisers are making EVs, you will see far fewer articles about EVs catching on fire. It is not surprising that internal combustion engine cars have a tendency to combust externally too.
Just rewatched True Romance
The ratio of machine to human compute skyrockets
True
Voters should call their elected politicians now to make it clear how they feel
Lie back and think of Mars
We need serious tonnage to Mars
The Universe is a Hydrogen Sonata
There are many faux
It has been a very long road
Interesting ideas
There will only be EVs in the future
Excited for future of solar at Tesla!
Tesla will support FSD licensing by other manufacturers
Disney in the streets, Euphoria in the sheets
I have one
Given how hard insanely FSD is, I think it may take years or more before any company besides Tesla solves it
I have a feeling that the gerrymandering will not work as well as they think
And in the darkness bind them
Honestly, I would let the border regions vote. Let the people there actually decide.
Vote them out
If you scare people enough, they will demand removal of freedom. This is the path to tyranny.
Seems odd that the UN still hasnt released world death rates
Freedom is being stripped away one piece at a time until it is gone
Manganese also requires less lithium, as it operates at higher voltage
Just that manganese is an alternative to iron &amp; phosphorus for scaling cathode production to several TWh/year
Exactly
Your policies are directly responsible for the outrageously high insurance premiums paid by Californians
You should be voted out of office
CB radios are free from govt/media control
Exactly
I am in awe of Sweden
Canadian truckers rule
Biden is treating the American public like fools
Biden is a damp puppet in human form
I might have made it too pointy!
Starts with a T Ends with an A ESL in the middle
Je maple syrup
Theyre being driven around in limousines, so they cant grok it
Sounds about right for autonomous cars. Optimus will greatly exceed this. The economy will be as big as people want it to be. There will be no scarcity, except that which is artificially created.
They appear to have some room for improvement
Been driving latest Cybertruck prototype around Giga Texas. Its awesome!
I have trouble understanding any other motivations tbh
Nice
Its like he could see the future!
I will eat a happy meal on tv if accepts Dogecoin
This is a matter of much internal debate
Our biggest limitation with Fremont is convincing enough associates to build cars when they have so many other job opportunities in the Bay Area! Thanks again Tesla team for doing the hard work of building real products that people love
I sense a trend
Great wisdom
Twitter is spending engineering resources on this bs while crypto scammers are throwing a spambot block party in every thread!?
This is annoying
This is a hard thing for us to do right now, as we dont have enough satellites with laser links and there are already geo sats that serve the Tonga region. That is why Im asking for clear confirmation.
Yeah, this saves a whole tap. Just swipe down for auto navigate.
Could people from Tonga let us know if it is important for SpaceX to send over Starlink terminals?
wtf
An SUV that is faster than a Formula race car
Baby X is just like this haha
Most people have no idea
Yeah
Maybe something like this
Frank &amp; Beans
Its true I do think a lot about rocket engine chamber pressure ahaha
Same
Ok
But is he playing it on Legendary difficulty?
Will do our best. Decentralized control of the robots will be critical.
Sheer luck
I hear versions of this often irl
Tesla AI might play a role in AGI, given that it trains against the outside world, especially with the advent of Optimus
Believe in the future!
Back to the moon soon
Another Starlinks reach orbit
I was just there. Good progress!
People do not yet understand how valuable an autonomous vehicle will be
Last year, Japan had ~800k births &amp; life expectancy is years (impressively high!), implying future population of only M, dropping almost half from current population of M. Thats a lot of ghost towns &amp; cities.
Tragic case of ego/ability&gt;&gt;1
If there arent enough people for Earth, then there definitely wont be enough for Mars
Trying to set a good example
Exactly
UN projections are utter nonsense. Just multiply last years births by life expectancy. Given downward trend in birth rate, that is best case unless reversed.
We should be much more worried about population collapse
I see where Frank Herbert got some of his ideas
Yup
Honestly I woulda clicked it
Spatial &amp; temporal memory are improving, so there will be less flicker
Yeah, unfortunately this is becoming a security issue
Cool, were both born days after /20 haha
I obv cant comment on every rumor, but this isnt true. Am headed to Berlin mid Feb, not this week.
Pretty wild
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Accurate video
going out later this week
Indeed
Yeah
We will start rolling out FSD beta in Canada cautiously in next to weeks
Good thing I never tweet anything controversial
Green Hills software is a pile of trash. Linux ftw.
It is heartening to see the rise of individualist vs corporate media
In theory, it saves landing leg mass &amp; enables immediate reflight of an otherwise unwieldy, giant rocket
Correct
Good campaign
There sure are a lot of interesting ways to arrange pixels
AI in a box that is a hall of mirrors from the inside
Civilization is only ~5000 years old
So informative
There is a chance of *all* species extinction due to expansion of the sun, unless humanity makes life multiplanetary
Firmware fix to recalibrate heat pump expansion valve is rolling out now
Fixing this is a high priority
Starlink satellites active moving to operational orbits Laser links activate soon
Big difference
Birds are a myth
Tesla merch buyable with Dogecoin
Yeah, doesnt make sense
Almost all input is error. Car should do the right thing automatically.
Dojo
Yup
Turns out yes
Still working through a lot of challenges with the government
Great explanation!
He was truly exceptional
Bizarre anti-environment move by govt of California
Tesla is working as fast as possible to support Tesla owners worldwide. Sustainable energy affects everyone on Earth, as we all share one atmosphere.
Accurate
Most people have no idea how fast sustainable energy is growing!
If the alarming collapse in birth rate continues, civilization will indeed die with a whimper in adult diapers
Mind-blowing that over % of humans have a smart phone
Starship launch &amp; catch tower
Its our best car ever, along with the Plaid X
It was a mistake to try to use the Elise. In the end, only ~5% of the Elise parts ended up being used. Tesla Roadster is a totally different car.
Monthly subscription price will rise when FSD goes to wide release
FSD price will rise as we get closer to FSD production code release
Just in the US
Tesla FSD price rising to $12k on Jan
Beta should be ready in about a week. Beta with single city/highway software stack &amp; many other architectural upgrades probably next month.
Starlinks with lasers deployed to orbit
Masters of Doom is a great book
nice
Room to improve
Earth should be called Water
Tonnage to orbit is the more fundamental metric
Absolutely. This is just bad math.
Yes
Raptor now operates routinely at bar main chamber pressure
Reminds me of when I hex edited Ultima V to get out of the final maze
Yay Switzerland!!
There is no way to be in touch with voters when youre three generations away from voting age
Lets make the roaring s happen!
Great work by Tesla team worldwide!
In a way, this is free QA haha
A beautiful home for life
Some Starlink terminals near conflict areas were being jammed for several hours at a time. Our latest software update bypasses the jamming. Am curious to see whats next!
Exactly
All news sources are partially propaganda, some more than others
Starlink has been told by some governments (not Ukraine) to block Russian news sources. We will not do so unless at gunpoint. Sorry to be a free speech absolutist.
SpaceX reprioritized to cyber defense &amp; overcoming signal jamming. Will cause slight delays in Starship &amp; Starlink V2.
Who, me?
Exactly
And also my sympathies to the great people of Russia, who do not want this
Hold Strong Ukraine
Obviously, this would negatively affect Tesla, but sustainable energy solutions simply cannot react instantaneously to make up for Russian oil &amp; gas exports.
Hate to say it, but we need to increase oil &amp; gas output immediately. Extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures.
Haha sure
Ich mchte mich recht herzlich bedanken. Die Zukunft ist sehr spannend!
You will be in the future
Game on
Almost all Viasat Ukraine user terminals were rendered permanently unusable by a Russian cyberattack on day of invasion, so yes
Yes, provided no metal particles in paint
Place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection
Turn on Starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible
Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. Please use with caution.
In class action lawsuits, the actual plaintiff is always the class action law firm. They just find someone willing to serve as a puppet to represent the class.
Updating software to reduce peak power consumption, so Starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter. Mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.
American Broomstick
Yeah, maybe
This old YouTube clip helps explain why former UAW members who work at Tesla are not huge fans of UAW
Yes
By the way, Tesla factory worker compensation is the highest in the auto industry
Our real challenge is Bay Area has negative unemployment, so if we dont treat and compensate our (awesome) people well, they have many other offers and will just leave! Id like hereby to invite UAW to hold a union vote at their convenience. Tesla will do nothing to stop them.
Actually, we still operate our California factory, which is the largest auto plant in North America, at full capacity and are considering expanding it significantly. It has built /3 of all electric vehicles in North America, twice as much as all other carmakers combined.
Ukraine civilian Internet was experiencing strange outages bad weather perhaps? so SpaceX is helping fix it
Solar area will need to be higher with obscuration, but works better than one might think
Solar panels + battery pack better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke &amp; doesnt run out of fuel
We couldve made a mile Model S months ago, but that wouldve made the product worse imo, as % of time youd be carrying unneeded battery mass, which makes acceleration, handling &amp; efficiency worse. Even our + mile range car is more than almost anyone will use.
That was me tweeting from when someone else had snatched my name. I was actually one of the earliest Twitter users, but dropped my account because people were tweeting such trivialities at first. convinced me to get back in.
The probability of Tesla dying in /2009 was very high. We closed our financing round at pm on Dec th the last working hour of the last day before Tesla would otherwise bounce payroll.
Self-driving cars &amp; useful humanoid robots require a sophisticated understanding of reality. I am increasingly convinced that they are on the path to solving AGI. Should AGI be solved? I dont know, but humanity is moving rapidly in this direction whether I like it or not.
Pretty good summary, although national pride is underweighted relative to economics. Latter serves former, not other way around. The foundational issue imo, which this video doesnt ignore, is low birth rate. After all, what good is land with no people?
Saints Row IV was sickkk
Saints Row
Well, I do have multiple personality disorder, but theyre all technically in the same head
Investigating
Tesla has created over US jobs building electric vehicles &amp; is investing more than double GM + Ford combined [fyi to person controlling this twitter]
Our primary challenge is affordability. Creating an expensive truck is relatively easy. If it is extremely hard to do so for Tesla, despite our much greater economies of scale &amp; better technology, then it is damn near impossible for others.
He plays golf a lot
Saudi Arabia owns /3 of Lucid, so inevitable
Their negative gross margin will be staggering
Coming soon, if you want your car to make a loud farting sound from the external speaker, just say Fart in their general direction!
All cars made since November also have push center for horn just waiting on firmware update. If you mash right side of yoke with your palm, horn will trigger.
If your war technology level is far higher than your opponent, tactics dont matter: source_not_found
Swipe down on navigate button to navigate home or to work if at home
Depends on what issues we see that are unique to Canada. If things are looking good, then we can lower the safety score threshold.
You are most welcome
Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.
Good thread
Yes
Would be a good move. Needs to include put options &amp; synthetic shorts.
Successful Starlink deploy
Weve had about or so cars testing internally in Canada. Hoping to go wider this weekend.
Starlink is a little patchy to Tonga right now, but will improve dramatically as laser inter-satellite links activate
Yes
LIDAR is a seductive local maximum. SpaceX designed &amp; built them to dock with ISS. However, the road system was designed to work with biological neural nets &amp; eyes, so a general solution to self-driving necessarily will require silicon neural nets &amp; cameras. Real-world AI.
Protagonists created over half a century ago dont count
Signal is the least insecure messaging service
Hollywood refuses to write even one story about an actual company startup where the CEO isnt a dweeb and/or evil
Just iMessage &amp; Signal
Me too
Actual question, not rhetorical
Are you sure Signal is secure?
I didnt start the fight, but I will finish it.
Building a case is exactly what Ive been doing
Exactly
Would be cool if we are backed up somehow
Yeah
Yeah, definitely dont use C unless optimizing for hardware performance!
Im a fan of Rust. Clearly scales well, given that Discord uses it. For max performance, however, nothing beats tight C with a customized compiler on specialized hardware. Important for max frame rate on vehicle inference computer. Otherwise, we mostly use C++ &amp; Python.
While it is tempting to focus on one of those arenas as the hard one, in fact they are all difficult &amp; important. Tight C &amp; custom compiler too. An inference computer optimized for energy efficiency, reliability &amp; long life is also critical. Cant just jam GPUs in the trunk.
Definitely
A general solution to self-driving (essentially, real-world AI) requires writing extremely difficult software in the arenas of training, inference, control, analytical tools, data management, hardware optimization &amp; simulation. One of the hardest technology problems that exists.
Compilers can be way better too. Not enough effort spent there.
Sorry!
Were working through the general case of making Steam games work on a Tesla vs specific titles. Former is obviously where we should be long-term.
Yes. This is an advantage of iron cathode lithium batteries.
Night City has beautiful art
Great game
But % of statistics are false
Norway is awesome!
Small changes usually affect production for less than an hour, as theyre applied to a few stations during breaks. Big changes may impact output for a day or two. Reversing out big changes or unexpected parts shortages are what impact several days.
Sometimes small changes in a single week
Switching to renewables with batteries would avoid blackouts. Batteries are essential, due to the intermittent nature of renewables.
We must fight for it to be better
This is just peeling back the first layer of the corruption onion. Stay tuned
Why many come to America
Beautiful
Yes
V11 is
Tuesday
Yeah
tau &gt; pi
In Earth years
It is taking longer than expected to make the upper stage not expendable (sigh)
Instead of research suggests, I suggest warlocks say
a river
M Night should do a horror movie about this it would resonate
Entertainment is becoming a username/password/2FA nightmare
Sounds good, we will send one over
That would be great
Maybe near BRO airport, since that serves both communities?
If South Padre and/or Brownsville would like a Starship prototype, we can send one over
Im pretty sure Ive paid the most taxes of any individual ever to California, but it isnt obvious what is done with the money
Rather than correcting itself, the lower birth rate trend appears to be accelerating
Tesla owners in the greater Giga Texas area will get priority, so yes
Single biggest threat to future of civilization imo
Ok
They will be fine
The only reason I didnt pay federal tax in is because I *overpaid* in ! Since they stole my tax records, they actually know that.
Hypocritical megadouche!
Will visit IRS next time Im in DC just to say hi, since I paid the most taxes ever in history for an individual last year. Maybe I can have a cookie or something
True
Seriously. How long must this go on?
Depends mostly on FAA certification, but hopefully within months. Were testing on Gulfstreams to debug issues, but deployment priority is commercial airliners.
Cybertruck
Yes, in the air
Probably
I think it will reach
Im dropping a new album
We have a very talented team
I wish I could help. At this point, it seems that voting at the next election is the remedy.
Actually, April th
SpaceXs goal is to make life multiplanetary, whereas their goal is to put a handful of satellites in orbit
Are they even trying?
Yes
Yes
April st
And, of course, you can pay in oge
And futuristic diner / drive-in theater planned for Hollywood area!
Indeed
Lucky bastards, we are!
We are a mobile cell colony
So amazing that we decompress from a single cell to over trillion cells
Absolutely
Pretty much
Plaid Model S &amp; X are sublime
Product &gt; Marketing
An evolutionary asymmetry helpful to survival, but counterproductive when survival is not at stake
Reasons to hate are remembered better than reasons to love
For an in-depth explanation, read
High pain threshold
Model is literally the most made in America car in well of course America
I was at a lunch with Munger in where he told the whole table all the ways Tesla would fail. Made me quite sad, but I told him I agreed with all those reasons &amp; that we would probably die, but it was worth trying anyway.
Some carmakers are trying hard
[ahem]
Ok
No way
Agreed. This has been broken for a long time.
This will be real in our lifetime
Starship to Mars simulation
Election time will be interesting
Announcements coming soon
Yes, but more ground stations &amp; improved packet routing will make a bigger difference
System is working well in Australia &amp; New Zealand
Over k Starlink user terminals
Destacking Starship
Wow, thats a lot of podcasts! Ok, I will do one. Maybe we could combine with Dave Lee and a few others.
Tim is great
Great
So many layers with Tesla FSD AI!
The pledge is good no matter what
Moving to engines on next booster
Ancient times
The fun police made us do it (sigh)
Now Tesla is worth a trilly willy!
Yup, we need to do that
High standard!
That was a tough one. New Model Y structural pack is next-level though.
Happy birthday, Jared!
The duty of a leader is to serve their people, not for the people to serve them
Car should also reverse slightly if it peeks into an intersection &amp; sees fast-moving cross-traffic (just like a person would)
Exactly
True
Probably t-F by end of year
Later this year, remaining fussy bits will be gone, allowing deletion of shroud
True national debt, including unfunded entitlements, is at least $60 trillion roughly three times the size of the entire US economy. Something has got to give.
Looming disaster for sure
Good question!
Human for scale
Tower arms are lifting Starship onto Super Heavy Booster
This would generate a lot of goodwill
Much appreciated!
Model X is an extremely difficult car to build. Most complex passenger car ever. Limiting factor is interior trim.
We dropped the ball badly regarding new Model X production ramp &amp; still havent fully recovered. Was idiotic to stop production of old X in Dec when there was still plenty of demand!
Pretty much
Thanks, this made a difference!
Tesla
Yup!
Most news outlets attempt to answer the question: What are the worst things happening on Earth today? Its a big planet! Obviously, some bad things are happening somewhere at any given time, but focusing relentlessly on those does not give an accurate picture of reality.
So hard to find out whats going on in the world without being bombarded with news that makes one sad &amp; angry!
True, careless negativity (destruction) is much harder than thoughtful positivity (creation)
Sadly true
Thats true to some degree, but citizen podcasts that arent negative like Rogan, Fridman, Dodd, TED interviews, etc are very popular. Maybe part of why traditional media outlets are so negative is because old habits die hard? They so rarely even try to be positive.
Not needed
Why is the traditional media such a relentless hatestream? Real question.
Fate Irony
It was so crazy! The insane tweet FUD campaign &amp; press hatestream of -2019 is still easily found.
Always look on the bright side of life
Nice!
True
What a hypocrite
High time we had tunnels!
The Boring Company just connected Resorts World hotel to Vegas Convention Center!
As backdrops go, this is a good one
Im pro vaccination, but anti vaccination mandate
Agreed
Munro understands
[Satire]
Thank You for Smoking
Tesla Model S &amp; X Plaid are so fun!
Extended tracking shot of Falcon
All these different standards for electricity are a tax on humanity
Gavin is kinda badass in this vid
Only very high resolution radar is relevant
We have to solve a huge part of AI just to make cars drive themselves. In retrospect, it was inevitable. The road system is designed for cameras (eyes) &amp; neural nets (brains).
Double-standard?
Its not my money
A bigger win than it may seem
Yes
Thursday next week at pm Texas time
Starship aspires to be the first fully reusable orbital launch vehicle, the holy grail of rocketry. This is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
And all the forms of life on Earth
Becoming multiplanetary is essential to extending dramatically the probable lifespan of civilization
Starship is in a different league. Orders of magnitude more mass to orbit than Falcon. Necessary for creating a self-sustaining city on Mars.
If things go well, Falcon will launch about once a week on average in , delivering ~2/3 of all Earth payload to orbit
Tesla is working hard to provide more Megapacks for grid stabilization
Congrats SpaceX Falcon team!
Exactly. The terminology is anachronistic.
Who controls the memes, Controls the universe.
Sigh
High latitudes are operational probably this summer
Haha seriously
SpaceX standard antenna production rises rapidly this year, so those with orders shouldnt have to wait long. Note, Starlink can only support a limited number of users in an area, so best to order early.
Tunnels
Exciting progress at Starbase, Texas!
bar is achievable, maybe even
This is twice the area of our standard phased array with broader scan angle
Thanks for letting me know. Will be fixed soon.
Thanks for the deep belly laugh
Starlink high performance antenna
Will begin limited rollout to Canada this month. Safety is paramount, so we have to confirm no significant issues, given slightly different road rules.
Hes actually a lobbyist, not a journalist. There are many who pose as the latter while behaving like the former. No integrity. Indeed, there were no safety issues. The car simply slowed to ~2 mph &amp; continued forward if clear view with no cars or pedestrians.
Yes
Same
Dragon hover test
Will upload some videos tomorrow
Harbinger battle on L is tough
Tesla is as much a software company as it is a hardware company, both in car and in factory. This is not widely understood.
Tesla has great respect for software engineering, they do not
story tall rocket, traveling several times faster than a bullet, backflips &amp; fires engines to return to launch site
Denmark just ended Covid restrictions
Theyve been writing bogus articles about Tesla (and me) for years. In the end, it is their own credibility that suffers.
Dave, I know youre a fan, but this is a silly question. I dont drive programs because I want to, but because I have to.
Halo Infinite campaign is good
Im driving this program personally, as is the case for almost all new programs
For reasons unknown, is unable to say the word Tesla
If the government had the mandate of the people, there would be a significant counter-protest. There is not, therefore they do not.
How many gene sequence changes to Covid-19 before it isnt Covid-19 anymore? OG Covid-19 ended a long time ago.
Protesting in a Canadian winter shows real commitment!
It would appear that the so-called fringe minority is actually the government
So many Hitlers!
A step in the right direction
Great interviewer!
If Canadian government is suppressing peaceful protests, thats where fascism lies &amp; cartoonist is just a shill
Yup
Now that the big automotive advertisers are making EVs, you will see far fewer articles about EVs catching on fire. It is not surprising that internal combustion engine cars have a tendency to combust externally too.
Just rewatched True Romance
The ratio of machine to human compute skyrockets
True
Voters should call their elected politicians now to make it clear how they feel
Lie back and think of Mars
We need serious tonnage to Mars
The Universe is a Hydrogen Sonata
There are many faux
It has been a very long road
Interesting ideas
There will only be EVs in the future
Excited for future of solar at Tesla!
Tesla will support FSD licensing by other manufacturers
Disney in the streets, Euphoria in the sheets
I have one
Given how hard insanely FSD is, I think it may take years or more before any company besides Tesla solves it
I have a feeling that the gerrymandering will not work as well as they think
And in the darkness bind them
Honestly, I would let the border regions vote. Let the people there actually decide.
Vote them out
If you scare people enough, they will demand removal of freedom. This is the path to tyranny.
Seems odd that the UN still hasnt released world death rates
Freedom is being stripped away one piece at a time until it is gone
Manganese also requires less lithium, as it operates at higher voltage
Just that manganese is an alternative to iron &amp; phosphorus for scaling cathode production to several TWh/year
Exactly
Your policies are directly responsible for the outrageously high insurance premiums paid by Californians
You should be voted out of office
CB radios are free from govt/media control
Exactly
I am in awe of Sweden
Canadian truckers rule
Biden is treating the American public like fools
Biden is a damp puppet in human form
I might have made it too pointy!
Starts with a T Ends with an A ESL in the middle
Je maple syrup
Theyre being driven around in limousines, so they cant grok it
Sounds about right for autonomous cars. Optimus will greatly exceed this. The economy will be as big as people want it to be. There will be no scarcity, except that which is artificially created.
They appear to have some room for improvement
Been driving latest Cybertruck prototype around Giga Texas. Its awesome!
I have trouble understanding any other motivations tbh
Nice
Its like he could see the future!
I will eat a happy meal on tv if accepts Dogecoin
This is a matter of much internal debate
Our biggest limitation with Fremont is convincing enough associates to build cars when they have so many other job opportunities in the Bay Area! Thanks again Tesla team for doing the hard work of building real products that people love
I sense a trend
Great wisdom
Twitter is spending engineering resources on this bs while crypto scammers are throwing a spambot block party in every thread!?
This is annoying
This is a hard thing for us to do right now, as we dont have enough satellites with laser links and there are already geo sats that serve the Tonga region. That is why Im asking for clear confirmation.
Yeah, this saves a whole tap. Just swipe down for auto navigate.
Could people from Tonga let us know if it is important for SpaceX to send over Starlink terminals?
wtf
An SUV that is faster than a Formula race car
Baby X is just like this haha
Most people have no idea
Yeah
Maybe something like this
Frank &amp; Beans
Its true I do think a lot about rocket engine chamber pressure ahaha
Same
Ok
But is he playing it on Legendary difficulty?
Will do our best. Decentralized control of the robots will be critical.
Sheer luck
I hear versions of this often irl
Tesla AI might play a role in AGI, given that it trains against the outside world, especially with the advent of Optimus
Believe in the future!
Back to the moon soon
Another Starlinks reach orbit
I was just there. Good progress!
People do not yet understand how valuable an autonomous vehicle will be
Last year, Japan had ~800k births &amp; life expectancy is years (impressively high!), implying future population of only M, dropping almost half from current population of M. Thats a lot of ghost towns &amp; cities.
Tragic case of ego/ability&gt;&gt;1
If there arent enough people for Earth, then there definitely wont be enough for Mars
Trying to set a good example
Exactly
UN projections are utter nonsense. Just multiply last years births by life expectancy. Given downward trend in birth rate, that is best case unless reversed.
We should be much more worried about population collapse
I see where Frank Herbert got some of his ideas
Yup
Honestly I woulda clicked it
Spatial &amp; temporal memory are improving, so there will be less flicker
Yeah, unfortunately this is becoming a security issue
Cool, were both born days after /20 haha
I obv cant comment on every rumor, but this isnt true. Am headed to Berlin mid Feb, not this week.
Pretty wild
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Accurate video
going out later this week
Indeed
Yeah
We will start rolling out FSD beta in Canada cautiously in next to weeks
Good thing I never tweet anything controversial
Green Hills software is a pile of trash. Linux ftw.
It is heartening to see the rise of individualist vs corporate media
In theory, it saves landing leg mass &amp; enables immediate reflight of an otherwise unwieldy, giant rocket
Correct
Good campaign
There sure are a lot of interesting ways to arrange pixels
AI in a box that is a hall of mirrors from the inside
Civilization is only ~5000 years old
So informative
There is a chance of *all* species extinction due to expansion of the sun, unless humanity makes life multiplanetary
Firmware fix to recalibrate heat pump expansion valve is rolling out now
Fixing this is a high priority
Starlink satellites active moving to operational orbits Laser links activate soon
Big difference
Birds are a myth
Tesla merch buyable with Dogecoin
Yeah, doesnt make sense
Almost all input is error. Car should do the right thing automatically.
Dojo
Yup
Turns out yes
Still working through a lot of challenges with the government
Great explanation!
He was truly exceptional
Bizarre anti-environment move by govt of California
Tesla is working as fast as possible to support Tesla owners worldwide. Sustainable energy affects everyone on Earth, as we all share one atmosphere.
Accurate
Most people have no idea how fast sustainable energy is growing!
If the alarming collapse in birth rate continues, civilization will indeed die with a whimper in adult diapers
Mind-blowing that over % of humans have a smart phone
Starship launch &amp; catch tower
Its our best car ever, along with the Plaid X
It was a mistake to try to use the Elise. In the end, only ~5% of the Elise parts ended up being used. Tesla Roadster is a totally different car.
Monthly subscription price will rise when FSD goes to wide release
FSD price will rise as we get closer to FSD production code release
Just in the US
Tesla FSD price rising to $12k on Jan
Beta should be ready in about a week. Beta with single city/highway software stack &amp; many other architectural upgrades probably next month.
Starlinks with lasers deployed to orbit
Masters of Doom is a great book
nice
Room to improve
Earth should be called Water
Tonnage to orbit is the more fundamental metric
Absolutely. This is just bad math.
Yes
Raptor now operates routinely at bar main chamber pressure
Reminds me of when I hex edited Ultima V to get out of the final maze
Yay Switzerland!!
There is no way to be in touch with voters when youre three generations away from voting age
Lets make the roaring s happen!
Great work by Tesla team worldwide!
This is a pretty awful lie. I left South Africa by myself when I was with just a backpack &amp; suitcase of books. Worked on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan &amp; a lumber mill in Vancouver. Went to Queens Univ with scholarship &amp; debt, then same to UPenn/Wharton &amp; Stanford.
This person blocked me, so cant read the tweet. Whats their deal?
We started Zip2 with ~$2k from me plus my overclocked home-built PC, ~$5k from my bro &amp; ~$8k from Greg Kouri (such a good guy he is greatly missed). My Dad provided % of a ~$200k angel funding round much later, but by then risk was reduced &amp; round wouldve happened anyway.
He didnt own an emerald mine &amp; I worked my way through college, ending up ~$100k in student debt. I couldnt even afford a nd PC at Zip2, so programmed at night &amp; website only worked during day. Where is this bs coming from?
Pretty much
Federal
Probably . Depends on regulatory approvals.
Hopefully working in Caribbean by end of . Def by .
Maximizing conversion of mass to aimed photons (pure momentum) is actually the highest possible efficiency, which is why an antimatter drive is probably the best way to get to other star systems with known physics. For close stars, a laser sail is good too.
Yes, but its too secret
Hopefully fully operational in
Boring Co is completing its first commercial tunnel in Vegas, going from Convention Center to Strip, then will work on other projects
No, hes still much faster
These would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only no toxic fumes is the key. Really, just an underground road, but limited to EVs (from all auto companies). This is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
Done by dawn
That would be a fringe benefit
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
Flight is hopefully to months away
Were now building flight design of Starship SN1, but each SN will have at least minor improvements, at least through SN20 or so of Starship V1.0.
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives
Please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
Ok
Activating engine two
It is an honor &amp; a privilege to work with so many great engineers
The overarching goal of Tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
Its not that these things cant be done, they just absorb a lot of software engineering time, which has great opportunity cost. There are very few excellent software engineers &amp; merely increasing team size results in awful bloatware.
Future feature
Turn on auto navigate feature &amp; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
Possible, but one step at a time. Anything we release to the fleet has big implications these days. For example, if someones on data roaming &amp; video is enabled, they will get a giant cell phone bill. Operating in + countries results in many corner cases!
Seeing B pillar (diagonal fwd) &amp; side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. We can enable access to these views. Also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
Were building out Superchargers as fast as possible! Need to ramp V3 Supercharger production.
Phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. Live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
Most people still dont know its there
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
If you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal Superchargers along the way. Is it not doing this correctly?
Merry Christmas Hope youre enjoying latest software update!
Yer welcome son
Car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. If nothing in calendar, should do work in morning &amp; home in evening. Future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
That is odd. Try pressing both scroll wheel buttons to reboot. Have forwarded this to service.
No
Coming soon
They should double down on insanity of Cats. Right move.
Black Mirror
Parasite
True
Needs improvement
Yes
He was awesome. I squared R heating is why room temp superconductors arent needed to carry power long distances efficiently. Just jack up voltage.
stock art
Whoa the stock is so high lol
Big communication penalty for remote work, which means the gain in talent that wont move has to be very high
Truth
Wow, accurate analysis!
Good point
Ok
Dont wanna brag but was me
Henry Cavill +1
Also fake Soundcloud rapper
Write games
Yes
Regarding .X to hardware update, that should happen in earnest in Q1. Software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
Pretty much, although if there was a way to spend money to solve software problems sooner, Id love it. The real constraint is finding great software engineers.
Ok sure
Sorry for the delay on V2.X! We just couldnt get it all done in time.
Unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
Sorry, its been a bit of a struggle. Software team has been working all weekend to resolve last minute issues. Hopefully starts rolling out tonight.
My wiki is a war zone with a zillion edits. At least its obviously not curated! Some day, I should probably write what *my* fictionalized version of reality is
Yes
Started Zip2 with ~$2k &amp; ~$100k of student debt, rolled proceeds into X/PayPal, rolled proceeds again into SpaceX/Tesla, but these are all companies where I played fundamental founding role. Not right to ask others to put in money if I dont put in mine.
If Tesla &amp; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Just looked at my wiki for st time in years. Its insane! Btw, can someone please delete investor. I do basically zero investing.
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
Another milestone
Sending you healing vibes
Thats certainly our impression, but its an old version of Tesla software, so effect is limited
In-house
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time &amp; stop a terrible calamity the premiere of Cats!
For sure
Great show
Holiday gift ideas
Were working on moving more cars to Florida. End of year delivery is intense! Very proud of Tesla team for all their hard work.
Ok
Yes
Ok
Its been years
I try so hard with these jokes!
Starfleet begins
For sure!
Orbit is hard. Best wishes for landing &amp; swift recovery to next mission.
Does it like the smiths?
Needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon &amp; a few other things
You dont hear much about element
No, as thats OG Mobileye hardware
Cinnamon toast crunch
This is quite a thorny hardware problem, as there are many diff versions of mcu &amp; autopilot computer &amp; supporting hardware. Cars last so much longer than phones! Hopefully able to upgrade mcu1 &amp; ap2.0 in a few months.
This mode will show pic of moth &amp; play the smiths
Lmpe
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never)
Yes, just costs a few thousand dollars &amp; is more complex than a board swap. Bunch of connectors &amp; antennas need to change. We can improve the speed a little with software optimization, which might be enough.
I think we can improve that with a little software optimization
This is a great meme
MCU (infotainment computer) upgrade not recommended imo. Isnt needed for full self-driving &amp; cost is ~$2k for limited entertainment improvements.
Never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
Yes, probably &amp; partially
Some good ideas here!
Telemetry indicates soft touchdown on the water, so fairing might still be reusable
Sigh
Possibly Excession, but Id recommend reading Player of Games &amp; Surface Detail first. Theyre all great.
Yes
Raptor is making great progress! Just finished an engineering review with SpaceX Propulsion. Engine SN is about to ship to McGregor with some holiday style
Age of Napoleon is excellent
This is how we will view fossil fuel cars
Crossing S-curves standard for tech transitions
Nice to meet you
Baby Yoda
We are literally a brain in a vat. The vat is your skull. Everything you think is real is an electrical signal. Feels so real though.
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics.
Blame Minecraft
smol puppy math
Plausible
Meant to say is render speed. Frame rate is locked.
There are type of people: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont. And those who werent expecting a ternary joke.
Your DLC is $$$$
Way too many paywalls &amp; spawn points
Seriously, the NPC dialog tree should have more options
Just Read the Instructions
Of course
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing &amp; the tutorial is way too long
Sure
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Math jokes have a small audience
Kids these days have no respect!
Thats the one!
It really does
They smashed the window to steal the radio, which was worth maybe $20. Got a replacement from junkyard. Btw, great deals available from junkyards! Its pretty fun fixing/upgrading cars.
Yeah, i that I bought in for $1400. I hotrodded it by jamming in a speed transmission from a later model I found in a Philly junkyard when the speed transmission failed.
Couldnt afford to pay for repairs, so I fixed almost everything on that car from parts in the junkyard. Ironically, thats me replacing broken side window glass. The circle is complete lol.
Maybe on Starship? Its def got the payload capacity
Just wish Russ Mitchell would improve the *quality* of his fiction. Is this too much to ask!?
Yeah, its one of my favorite T-shirts!
Well aim to have it come out same time as truck. Two seater electric ATV designed to work with Cybertruck will be fun! Electric dirt bikes would be cool too. We wont do road bikes, as too dangerous. I was hit by a truck &amp; almost died on one when I was .
Your Twitter comments are great btw!
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. Its better because of you!
This may sound crazy, but asking real people what theyd like in a product is a great way to meet their needs
There will be no loss of either
That will require a full redesign, but probably ~73 inches or ~185 cm width
True, more for parking at destination. Really needs to fit in same external envelope as a full-size SUV, but with better height control with air suspension, so it can fit in low clearance parking garages.
We can prob reduce width by an inch &amp; maybe reduce length by + inches without losing on utility or esthetics. Min height is below inches when air suspension set to low. Will post exact number soon.
Speed solves everything
Hes def wrong. Solar power is a Gigawatt per square km! All you need is a by mile patch in a deserted corner of Arizona, Texas or Utah (or anywhere) to more than power the entire USA. This analysis goes through calcs
Super strong roof that generates clean energy, looks great &amp; costs less than a normal roof plus solar panels!
Huge admiration &amp; respect for the Tesla China team. Their talent &amp; drive is amazing!
For sure
If we create a city on Mars, Earth-Mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to tomorrow
Yes
After a while, hydrogen became sentient
Bravo, right thing to do! Short selling should be illegal.
People often think theyre breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O &amp; a dash of neon &amp; krypton (etc.)
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
Still cant believe how hard it was to get !
We sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us &amp; then he said yes
Tesla was almost called Faraday, as original holder of Tesla Motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
Its artificial
Do you like our owl?
Overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. Matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges &amp; guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
Laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
Thats why Cybertruck has active suspension height &amp; damping control
Safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng &amp; active by Autopilot. Design in automotive refers to look &amp; feel.
They are dead to me
Its a generational thing
With extreme effort, Cybertruck might hit a drag coefficient, which would be insane for a truck. Requires tweaking many small details.
Touch
Just because he has a flamethrower and I have a flamethrower doesnt mean um ok fine Im Hank Scorpio
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving!
The finest in apocalypse protection technology! Flamethrower optional.
Def not dainty
Yes, Cybertruck will have steel balls
k
Wed be happy to help
Sure, will aim to do this next week
Agreed, this will be exciting to see!
Electric motors also have insane torque. If we load both trucks to the max, electric still wins. Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation.
Bring it on
Cybertruck is inspired by games like Halo. Warthog irl!!
k
Yup. Sledgehammer impact on door cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didnt bounce off. Should have done steel ball on window, *then* sledgehammer the door. Next time
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill
Higher hardness, higher strength &amp; doesnt cost crazy money for ~3mm skins
In general, this is something Tesla should do
We should def make it good to hang out there
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
Good question. Its a new variant of series stainless steel, but it also gets cold-worked many times, depending on kilotonnage of press.
Can be wrapped in any color!
The body panels will actually be laser cut!
Long term, it probably makes sense to build a smaller Cybertruck too
Interesting idea
True
Really? Ok sure.
Hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
Haha true! New manufacturing methods are certainly needed, but then Im confident it will actually cost less, because of its simplicity &amp; lower part count.
Study the Blade!!
Were creating this alloy at Tesla. Not a problem to create a lot of it, but well need to come up with new body manufacturing methods, as it cant be made using standard methods.
Starship steel decision came first. We were going to use titanium skins for Cybertruck, but cold-rolled X stainless is much stronger.
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you cant stamp ultra-hard X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Excellent review by Marques!
k
Yes
Haha v true
With no advertising &amp; no paid endorsement
k Cybertruck orders so far, with % choosing dual, % tri &amp; % single motor
Great analysis
That would be cool
Gonna have some sick attachments
Armored Personnel Carrier (APC)
Riding in the Cybertruck
Sure
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha.
Syd Mead
We threw same steel ball at same window several times right before event &amp; didnt even scratch the glass!
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche . Order Cybertruck online at
Yes
Will be an option to add solar power that generates miles per day, possibly more. Would love this to be self-powered. Adding fold out solar wings would generate to miles per day. Avg miles per day in US is .
Tesla person electric ATV will come at first as an option for Cybertruck
See ya in
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck
Yup
Haha
High time we had a Tesla coil!
Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me
Coming soon! Were working to complete the full Supercharger route from London to Shanghai.
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Of course
Fun party guaranteed!
Long journey
Tonight
Absolutely, but to move to Mk3 design. This had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
Maybe wont need a key at all
So many reporters gave Chanos airtime when he called Tesla a worthless fraud. Now that he has been proven wrong, silence
Gravitas is overrated
That would be cool
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
% of people want to gentrify Mordor
The China space industry is very impressive
Cephalopods have a strange intelligence
It certainly does
True
Not sure. Maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
Even Toyota, who made the Prius. That is sad.
Guess I was obsessed with space from an early age. Fair point.
Id be way too embarrassed to put that on a Tesla. Its like a kids drawing.
Congratulations on the Mach E! Sustainable/electric cars are the future!! Excited to see this announcement from Ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
Exactly! Well said.
Surprisingly common
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night
Innovation comes in many ways
Meaning not fair that Boeing gets so much more for the same thing
This doesnt seem right
True
Semi-infinite
Seems likely. = hipsters.
Right now, trajectory of neuro-silicon symbiosis doesnt appear to intersect trajectory of AGI. Goal of Neuralink is to raise this probability above %.
We fought the Balrog last year
Gentrify Mordor?
It was Tacheles
Memes are modern art
F8 irony
There will be many opportunities for both new &amp; experienced people!
fomo yolo
Yeah, makes sense
Congrats to Tesla team on Model winning best midsize car in Germany!
Will build batteries, powertrains &amp; vehicles, starting with Model Y
GIGA BERLIN
Congratulations!
Starlink vertical on the pad
Yes
Haha
Exactly
Without a fully &amp; rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
Bad logic is always ugly
Same goes for digital super intelligence denial
MPGe!
Yes
Deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. Other variants will have throttle.
SpaceX engine production is gearing up to build about a Raptor a day by next year, so up to engines per year. Most will be the (as high as) ton thrust (but no throttle &amp; no gimbal) variant for Super Heavy. Cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as tons/year.
Raptor is evolving rapidly. Probably wouldnt consider it to be even V1.0 until roughly engine , although probably engines + can be retrofitted for orbital flight, especially on Super Heavy, which is less sensitive to engine variation. It just needs crazy up force!
Pretty much
Exactly! Its also a far more exciting &amp; inspiring future if consciousness is out there among the stars, than forever confined to Earth until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that may be (hopefully, very far).
No, in the beginning, assuming you even make it there alive, Mars will be far more dangerous &amp; difficult than Earth &amp; take decades of hard labor to make self-sufficient. Thats the sales pitch. Want to go?
So it will take about years to transfer a million tons to Mars Base Alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
As the planets align only once every two years
A thousand ships will be needed to create a sustainable Mars city
No problem. We could program Starship to perform Swan Lake in the sky. Minimizing landing burn propellant mass is whats hard.
Current global payload to orbit capacity is about tons per year, of which Falcon is about half
If we build as many Starships as Falcons, so ~100 vehicles &amp; each does tons to orbit, thats a capacity of million tons of payload to orbit per year
Payload to orbit per year of Starship fleet is most mind-blowing metric, as its designed to fly X per day, which is ~1000X per year
The economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on Mars
Gas/diesel cars too
True
Extremism is so fun! ()
Of course!
Yes
The date is strangely familiar
Cybertruck unveil on Nov in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
Looking into it
Yes
The audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the AF
Naturally
This is based on an incorrect Electrek article. The Air Force asked me to speak at a startup conference called Pitch Day &amp; I happened to mention Cybertruck. They dont buy APCs. Its the Air Force.
Fair point. Coming soon. Were making foundational upgrades to the core Tesla corporate OS. FA right after that.
Connected, autonomous cars require great software. Advanced factories also require great software. The car industry is not very good at software.
More to come
Yes
Would be odd to expect anything else
That said, most Starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on Earth
Wow, seems like eons ago! With fairing recovery, Falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days &amp; requires boats. Starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours &amp; ship reflight every hours. No boats needed.
Great poem
Great work by SpaceX Dragon team &amp; Airborne! To be clear, weve only done multi-parachute test of Mk3 design, so more left to reach successful tests in a row.
Putting Model S in range mode is the opposite of launch mode, as it minimizes performance in favor of range. Show should be called Low Gear!
Tesla Solarglass vs Happy Halloween!!
Sorry, Drag Times is correct, Top Gear is wrong
Drag Race Times analysis is correct. Also, theres a software upgrade for Model S coming out that increases peak power by HP, so Model S should beat Porsche Taycan Turbo S by a wider margin in to &amp; /4 mile races.
Walking on a Tesla Solarglass roof is definitely no problem!
Thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar!
Congrats! Shopify is great btw. Nice work.
The fires are all too real
Haha true
snacks
Hard to say with high accuracy, but to weeks is my best guess
Soon, SpaceX will launch astronauts to !
Thats significantly improved in current production
True, my name literally means tree
If you have autonav enabled, car will automatically navigate either to address in calendar, to work if youre home &amp; to home if at work. Not sure if thats in wide release yet, but def in early access. Its an awesome feature.
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at .
I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.
For Treebeard
Ok, sounds legit, will donate M trees
Sounds cool. Where are the trees being planted &amp; what kind of trees?
Making a roof out of kindling in a fire risk zone is not recommended
Were changing this from storm watch to disaster watch to cover fires, earthquakes, etc
Very true. Glass doesnt burn &amp; melting point is extremely high, so much more resilient than asphalt or wood roofs.
I hate advertising
Unfortunately, its hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads &amp; SEO. Go to to add solar to an existing roof &amp; for a new roof with integrated solar.
We dont make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
If youre directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
So true. Imagine if phones were gasoline powered. Total sales would be like units worldwide! Using oil/gas &amp; being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.
Id recommend regular solar panels for flat roofs
Extremely high
Will do what we can for anyplace affected by natural disasters
US clean energy incentive drops by % on Jan , so orders must be received by roughly Nov to be installed in time
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for /7 clean energy &amp; no blackouts at
Sure
Took my son to play piano for the seniors home in Pasadena. It was lovely to see them smile
Thanks to everyone at Tesla who worked so hard over the years to make our Fremont factory successful!
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation
Physics facts
Yes, you can walk on the Tesla Solarglass roof. In stilettos, if you want
Jerome is great! Tesla team in general is the strongest its ever been.
Yes, wight destruction guaranteed or your money back!
Tesla Solarglass roof
Will start at ~2:15. Sorry for slight delay.
Haha true
Srsly
Transparent aluminum is a real thing!
That would be cool. Surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Gwynne rocks! Starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
Strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. Less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of Earth.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
California time
This product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
Will do an open call Q&amp;A
Major FUD incoming for sure haha
I have V1, but will switch to V3
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at pm
Sure
But actually
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution &amp; support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
Tesla Q3 results: - Shanghai Giga ahead of schedule - Model Y ahead of schedule - Solar installs +48% from Q2 - GAAP profitable - Positive free cash flow
The big rear wing is only on for one day for rear downforce calibration. Isnt needed to set ring record &amp; wont be in the production car.
Internal camera isnt used yet (meant for robotaxi), but thats a good idea
Please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
Coming soon
Whoa, it worked!!
Sending this tweet through space via Starlink satellite
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow
More carrot, less stick
Very likely that a home with clean power thats lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
PG&amp;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next years!
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for /7 clean power &amp; no blackouts!
Going offline for a few days
Both at the same time!
More about dealing with failure modes &amp; roll control
Need to deal with thrust asymmetry from flameout of an engine without forcing shutdown of opposing pair engine, which would double thrust loss. Also, thrust differential doesnt solve roll control well.
Common myth, but incorrect
And so begins the robocalypse
Tesla wins best headlights award
The final configuration used at Nrburgring to set the record will go into production around summer , so this is not merely for the track
Anyone whos interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing designing &amp; building the machine that makes the machine please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. Were gonna take this to a whole new level!
Tesla team has done an incredible job with Giga Shanghai. Honored to work with them. Im in awe.
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. Its insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you
Tesla is first American car company to achieve sustained volume production in past ~100 years. Hardest, most painful thing Ive ever been through, including getting Falcon to orbit.
Prototypes are easy, but achieving volume production of a new technology is insanely hard
And the lead character is also named Woody
Yeah, gimbal SL engines at min throttle for control, so most of impulse goes through vac engines
Conservation of energy tells you the answer
Looking forward to Kerbal !
We def could be wrong about this, but its actually good to fix high efficiency vacuum engines with giant nozzles in place &amp; only thrust vector engines with smaller nozzles. Dont need a lot of room &amp; moment of inertia is much lower.
Also, were keeping area ratio low enough to fire Raptor Vac at sea level without flow separation, so thats leaving a lot on the table
Couple months, but V1.0 of Raptor Vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. Isp maybe to sec.
Max thrust version of Raptor should achieve true T/W &gt; . Target is ton engine with &gt;260 t-F. Max Isp version should achieve ~380 sec, but T/W probably &lt;120 due to big nozzle. These are just guesses for now.
Oberth effect is not well appreciated. Value of high thrust low in gravity well is not captured in simple delta-v equation. One of the reasons we favor CH4 over H2.
This is true. All that matters is number used in v equation. Propellant residuals are incredibly important, often overwhelming engine mass.
Big challenge for Starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. Probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. Same goes for hydrogen &amp; oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
Were working on a simple initial version of Autopark. Will be safe, but sometimes park in silly places that arent actual parking spaces.
Yeah, great team!
To be precise, r is distance from center of masses of two objects. Center of mass of Earth is ~6400km, so gravity change is small at Space Station altitude, which is ~6800km from center of Earth.
Exactly. And you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
Most people arent aware that orbit (and zero gravity) is all about horizontal speed, not altitude. A spacecraft needs to travel about times the speed of sound to stay in space.
Yeah, will be Raptor vertical test stand. Hopefully allows simplification of Raptor design, as pump shaft wear &amp; drainage is better in vertical config. Also, more representive of flight. Test as you fly
Software
Yes
Will start rendering traffic cones in the display soon
Venus would be very difficult
True
Yes, we will
It is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at Tesla. Takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when &amp; how fast to move the wipers.
Deep Rain neural net coming soon. Were not trademarking any other Autopilot neural nets, just this one, because rain is deep.
Yep, good catch
hot pot
Cybertruck doesnt look like anything Ive seen bouncing around the Internet. Its closer to an armored personnel carrier from the future.
Those rumors are false
Coming v soon
Haha
Ms. Chief &amp; Ms. Tree
lol
Space Jam shouldve won the Oscar
Recommended for sure. Both movies are incredible.
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Underappreciated , will watch!
Is Space Jam good?
So it goes
Sure looks that way
Nice
Solar
Depends on total system efficiency &amp; how long the propellant plant can run to refill Starship, so to MW as a rough guess
Whoa, that does look good!
Fair point. Will hold on EU price change until Tesla gets clarity from regulators about Smart Summon feature release date.
French fries are the devil
., are you aware that one of your senior journalists (Russ Mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
Super messed up situation!
Several finesse improvements coming to Smart Summon in coming weeks. Will be smooth as silk.
Should be much better at this point
Price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
Yes, but probably a year or two away. Lot of fish to fry
Tesla cannot continue to lose money. To achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, Tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
When the car is FSD without supervision, ie robotaxi, youll be able to earn far more than monthly lease/loan cost by allowing others to use it. Managing a small fleet of robotaxis will be a career for many &amp; much better than driving a single car.
Putting panels on east or west facing roofs works well too. Energy loss is fairly minor. Just north facing thats problematic above ~30 deg latitude.
Working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. Will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more FSD features being released.
Still working with RDW, the car regulatory authority in Netherlands. Unclear why theres a delay. Other countries are supportive.
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for /7 clean power &amp; no more blackouts!
Will be throughout Canada
Its something special
Fundamental metric of good of Tesla is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a sustainable energy future
True
I Asterix &amp; Obelix!
Exactly
Ok
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is /7 clean power with no blackouts.
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
Sooo annoying!!
Were changing Powerwall Storm Watch to Disaster Watch. Covers more bases.
Yes
No change
Important for Moonbase Alpha!
Working on it
Even Gary likes it!
Its really quite fun!
But we call it caraoke, because its in a
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke
Yes
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Next update
siq burn, Gary, siq burn
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
Yes
Door hinge
the color orange is named after the fruit
Will remove
Thanks for mentioning. Should be enabled on all loaner cars.
Yeah
Not easily, as requires wire harness changes
Im in the credits
Worth reading Human Compatible by Stuart Russell (hes great!) about future AI risks &amp; solutions
All hardware is at the Cape. Need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. Launch probably late Nov / early Dec.
We had to reallocate some resources to speed this up &amp; received great support from Airborne, our parachute supplier. I was at their Irvine factory with the SpaceX team on Sat and Sun. Were focusing on the advanced Mk3 chute, which provides highest safety factor for astronauts.
For what its worth, the SpaceX schedule, which Ive just reviewed in depth, shows Falcon &amp; Dragon at the Cape &amp; all testing done in ~10 weeks
Culture Class is really something
I hope so
Were doomed!
Hh
Haha true
Done
Trouble!
And thats just the tip of the iceberg
Agreed
Good ones
Agreed, fair point
Any feature requests?
Given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value
&amp; sounds too (also, of course)
Will consider
Sure
Customized horn &amp; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
Haha
We will understand the next question
True
To understand the nature of consciousness
Its true
Exactly
Great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
Excited about launching asteroid defense mission!
Lets go boyz!
Sorry it took so long!
Wow, cool! Summon will get steadily smoother until its like an expert chauffeur who knows you well.
Welded steel
Probably Starlink &amp; some fun things
Rosetta by Vangelis is incredible
Not sure, will ask regulators
Enhanced should get it too
Aiming for this weekend!
Hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
Not yet
First point release update expected to go out this weekend
Over Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
Thanks, Tesla team is the strongest its ever been &amp; doing an amazing job! Honored to work beside them.
If km works, then orbit
Great summary of the key points!
Thats about right, except no sensors. Tile itself is the sensor as it will partially ablate where too hot &amp; have to be replaced.
Its all the secondary structure that concerns me, not engines &amp; primary airframe
Raptor cost is tracking to well under $1M for V1.0. Goal is &lt;$250k for V2.0 is a ton thrust-optimized engine, ie &lt;$1000/ton
Stop sending me this
Agreed &amp; such a heartwarming photo
I have that exact thought every time I get the flu
Clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
Lot of ways to melt &amp; join steel. Mostly just needs to be welded consistently &amp; with precise parts.
Thankfully not. FSW is very difficult to get right &amp; not needed with steel.
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
Bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
Haha yes
In solving for a good Mars climate, we will learn a great deal about how to do so on Earth. It is the inverse problem.
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear.
Cool video!
Probably our most viral feature ever. Most of the Autopilot team has been working on this, led by Ashok, CJ, Andrej &amp; many others.
Good question
Rage, rage against the dying of the light
Were going to use the pedestrian pink noise speaker to talk to people &amp; create customized horn sounds. I beg your pardon, but would you be so kind as to allow me to proceed? Said in the voice of Mr. Darcy.
Special light pattern (but not hazards, as theyre too shrill) seems right
Makes sense
Precisely
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Starship halves being joined
Summon is improving rapidly
Just SX500 so far, but we use many superalloys developed by others, eg Inco +. If anyone has ++, that would be helpful haha. Massive engineering work in the casting, printing &amp; machining of Raptor far more than in design of the engine itself!
Theres so much power going through this engine that its close to the limit of the known physics of materials in many places
Yes
Well, hopefully closer to bar over time. However, that the chamber/nozzle jacket has so many joints &amp; dissimilar metals at such high pressure &amp; temperature is what I find remarkable about it.
No, weve been focusing on production (now on SN12). Only need bar or even a bit less for Starship/Super Heavy. Anything above is nice to have &amp; well get around to it, but not needed for flight.
Probably around or pm
What blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber &amp; nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over bar or ~12,000 psi
Figure of speech
Meanwhile, back in reality
Media report was false
Raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
Three Raptors on a Starship
Always
Wow, its been years since we started at Boca!
About a week. Will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
We look for rare corner case issues with a limited release US build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. So, soon, but hard to say exactly.
Gary, you rock!
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option &amp; advanced download selected in vehicle software settings
More like
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If theyre evolving rapidly, somethings up.
If advanced AI (beyond basic bots) hasnt been applied to manipulate social media, it wont be long before it is
Exactly
That would be a nice touch
This is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
Haha awesome
We could probably do that
m
Not sure we could go quite that tight, but we can for sure allow much narrower spaces at users discretion
With rare exceptions, composites would make Starship heavier. They dont stand up well to high temperatures, but steel does great.
Mk1 ship is around tons dry &amp; tons wet, but aiming for by Mk4 or Mk5. Total stack mass with max payload is tons.
Absolutely
Youre welcome! Feature requests always appreciated.
Six. Two windward, one under each fin &amp; two leeward. Provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
On the transporter
Lifting lower section of Starship
Exactly
Impressive work by Chad &amp; Steve!
Almost entirely C++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side Java app for viewing maps &amp; (weirdly) a D hockey game in VRML
Turbo Pascal
Mostly C/C++, Python &amp; SQL
It would be pretty embarrassing to use a non-Tesla battery!
This includes original engineering of new factory processes &amp; cars. Great engineers will only join if original engineering is supported, not just localization.
Tesla is building a major engineering team in China, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory &amp; car
For sure more than one pass coming back to Earth. To Mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
Could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling &amp; quite robust
Better just to ride your max temp all the way down &amp; let T^4 be your friend. Lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
Exactly. For reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. For ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. Therefore reusable like Starship wants lift during high Mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
It does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
Many powerful electric motors &amp; batteries. Force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. More about this on the th.
Thats correct. Essentially controlled falling, like a skydiver.
Herbert Diess is doing more than any big carmaker to go electric. The good of the world should come first. For what its worth, he has my support.
Just sent a note to check
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free
Between the trees and the forest floor, its like a giant mural, continued the veritable High Priest of the Harvest Season, adding that he would soon have to rake his driveway, an activity for which he will most certainly don a cashmere scarf.
Hoping to open in Slovakia, Croatia, Serbia &amp; most of Eastern Europe early next year. Finally, we will do Nikola Tesla proud by having his cars in his countries of origin!
OG Roadster is def helping us out here with M miles by itself
Ahem well um
Classified as a URO, unidentified road object (from Area )
SpaceX Foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for Raptor, incl our superalloy, SX500
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins &amp; header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed.
Raceway &amp; flap hinge aero covers
Just leaving SpaceX Starship build site in Boca
Super Heavy rocket will be much like Falcon , but the Ship is a strange combination of Dragon, F9 &amp; a skydiver.
Approximately correct. We also fire the ACS thrusters to rotate the vehicle &amp; ignite Raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
For aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. Flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass &amp; pressure.
Current analysis, which Im not fully bought into, suggests that rear fins with separate airframe-mounted legs will be lighter, so this is the plan for Mk1/Mk2
Stability is controlled by (very) rapid movement of rear &amp; fwd fins during entry &amp; landing, as well as ACS thrusters. The smaller leeward fin would simply be used as a leg.
Stability is not an issue with
Nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. Placed up there to balance high mass of Raptors &amp; rear fins at the bottom.
Yes. Theres a huge amount of hardware in the tip of the faring that being integrated on the ground, which is why we havent closed it out.
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas
Thanks!
Either way, sustainable energy wins!!
srsly
Its my glasses
Sure. Have to do it on Mars from beginning. Will ultimately do that on Earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
Next quarter
Will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
Yes
Great work by SpaceX parachute engineering! The Crew Dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. The Apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
A year old who has better reasoning &amp; more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
Thats what life was like back in
You have been warned
No, its one integrated release
Fixing several minor bugs &amp; a regression in highway driving, so probably early to mid next week
Much better chess engine coming
Well said
Very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. People will remember this day. Respect.
Electric is the future! Congratulations Daimler!!
Nice compression
And of course, this one, but thats obv
e^ + =
For some reason, I always loved this formula
Whoa cool
Smart Summon will work on all v2.0+ hardware in wide release
L'Ambroisie, Place des Vosges
Nice
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
Je ne regrette Etienne
Lane offset should be much better in V10.0
Yes
Told you AI was dangerous!!
In other news
Busted
A little, but this is mostly a design update for those interested
Haha
Apollo
Landing leg frame
Yes
Glad youre ok!
You never know
Exactly
Actually, Model would beat the Taycan on Nrburgring over multiple laps, as it has more range
No, but very close
Rear facing, but roomier. Great for family gatherings! I did a road trip across America with my five boys &amp; Talulah in the seat Model S several years ago.
Absolutely
New Roadster and X will come later
No, original forward facing seats plus rear-facing smaller seats. The new rear seats will accommodate larger passengers than before.
Its a start. We expect these track times to be beaten by the actual production seat Model S Plaid variant that goes into production around Oct/Nov next year.
Thanks, I will stop by on the th!
Theyre available through the app, but we need to make them easier to find
Area of Area
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine
Absolutely
Feeling Lucky (Google tribute!) or Hungry are % intended for max enjoyment of Tesla owner. If location has destination chargers, thats a plus, but car should only route there if location is great. This will be hit &amp; miss initially, but should hone towards excellent over time.
Great conversation-starter!
Damn
I want this T-shirt!
Service center expansion is at max speed, so yes
Sure, Im planning on meeting community supporters around the presentation on the th. Thanks!
Maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. Will check.
Starship Team
Thats what we believe is highly likely
I visiting Boca Chica, Brownsville &amp; Texas in general! Thanks for all your support!!
Getting close
Yes, coming soon
Oh that would be fun. Will see.
Joe Mode is the best mode
Thanks Tesla owners. You rock!!
Wise words from Gary the Bot
However, we wont customize the contract or engage in negotiations. That just causes the Tesla &amp; customer legal bill to be high &amp; drag things out. Pay for clean power, not lawyers! It makes way more sense.
Good analysis. You can order commercial solar in literally secs if you use Apple Pay at .
Exactly! Weve only one car factory in California &amp; one Gigafactory (for batteries &amp; drive units) in Nevada. Giga Shanghai will do cars, batteries &amp; drive units for the greater China area. Over time, regional Gigafactories will lower costs &amp; improve logistics worldwide.
Should note that these product mix &amp; logistics errors also results in regional *undersupply*, eg UK &amp; Ireland right now, but we dont raise the prices even so. The intent, at any given moment in time, is: heads we lose, tails buyers win.
Thats not to say that Tesla people somewhere in the world are being overzealous &amp; possibly overstepping our core principles, which is why Im looking into it
At end of quarter, there is always some error in product mix allocation between the roughly global regions, due to planning mistakes &amp; logistics problems (Earth is a big place). Small changes in prices are needed to correct local supply/demand imbalances.
The fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally &amp; should never be a function of bargaining. This is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
Agreed
Going to early access (including all who bought FSD) Tesla owners in US next week. If US early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. Might be some delays in EU for regulatory approval.
There arent really meant to be Tesla incentives, just general price changes to reflect optimal value of product, as we sometimes get prices of some variants wrong or need to (partially) address shifts in tax incentives. Overarching principle, however, is same deal for all.
Looking into this. A fundamental premise of Tesla is that everyone is offered same terms at same time, ie what you get should never be a function of bargaining.
Hopefully, next year
Personally, I think the universe looks great for billion years, let alone
Sagan was awesome
They used to have butt bellows for blowing smoke up your along the Thames River in London
Haha exactly!
Yes
Yes, thats exactly what I meant, Gary the Bot!
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at !
At least they had great cigars
Ahem
A Speedraptor is a Velociraptor with no sense of direction (thats how you can them apart)
This is technically a Speedraptor
Autopilot active crash prevention keeps getting better, as we examine every crash for improvement &amp; then upload smarter software. Ironically, I hope were never on the list!
v^2/r is fun haha
Makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
The downward spiral
Good point
To carry people
Model S at Nrburgring has seats
All great! Mel Brooks
Spaceballs
Flux capacitor option package
Yes
Soon
Yes. To be clear, Plaid powertrain is about a year away from production &amp; applies to S,X &amp; Roadster, but not or Y. Will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
No
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
A Flock of Bricks
Next year
Cuphead
Of course
Polytopia
This could be good
But we probably wont try for best lap time this week, as we need to review &amp; tune Model S thoroughly for safety on Nrburgring, especially Flugplatz section
Model S is already there
Model S just set record for fastest door ever at Laguna Seca, video tmrw
DMT FTW
Getting ready for flight of orbit-class Starship design
Aargh!!
No, but that was an epic piece at a time when the word was being overrun by demented versions of an otherwise delightful jam container. It was like World War Z, but mason jars
Id love to
obv
For sure!
sland
Will be answered on th
Exactly
Looks good
The mechanical attachment mechanism. We need to make sure they wont fall off due to vibration &amp; acoustics.
The hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. Marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
Failure rate is actually both higher &amp; lower than that, as the Falcon design has changed almost completely several times. Currently flying version has no failures (may fate continue to be merciful), but older versions therefore have a higher failure rate.
Precisely
Distance from fireball is *a*t^2, so if t is small, you havent moved far even if a is high. At ~6g thrust, youll only travel ~0.03m in ms. Pressure wave (aka explosion) with liquid rockets is low, as ox &amp; fuel are poorly mixed. If you can fly out of it, youre prob ok.
You know destination weather before departure &amp; theres no weather in space
Everything happens so fast. Its such a different paradigm that applying aircraft concepts to rockets is almost like applying shipping concepts to aircraft. Travels km in mins.
Not currently planning for pad abort with early Starships, but maybe we should. Vac engines would be dual bell &amp; fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
Raptor turbines can spin up extremely fast. We take it easy on the test stand, but thats not indicative of capability.
Over time, &amp; are possible, but very difficult
Most likely
Photoshop is amazing
Sea level Raptors vacuum Isp is ~350 sec, but ~380 sec with larger vacuum-optimized nozzle
For sure
Actually true
Ceres, Callisto, Ganymede &amp; Titan
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
Deep lore
Hoping to open in Romania soon!
Definitely
Probability that were in base Polytopia is highly unlikely - KWM
Wow cool
Why arent more people talking about this!?
Sounds about right
Its not
Over time, it will be % sustainable
Hadouken!!
Offer me money, offer me power
Also
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Definitely for Space Force. We need to make Starfleet real.
Very exciting to see Indias rapid progress in space! There are always setbacks, of course, but I think India is doing great overall.
Yes
Thanks for offering! Sure, that would be great.
We might be in one right now
No, probably V10.1
Merging code branches &amp; one more QA-level release this week. Hopefully, EAP wide release week after.
Looking good. Smart summon is almost great. Drive-in theater mode, caraoke &amp; Cuphead are awesome.
For sure on first crewed missions for exactly that reason
Wanted to build an electric car company in college. Was going to do PhD at Stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the Internet.
years ago
November most likely
Were almost there
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering
But Taycan does seem like a good car. Nrburgring track time is great.
Sounds sweaty
A Neuralink could increase this by several orders of magnitude
Uh no
Legs, but this render isnt accurate
In some of those, Im even funny
Model S on Nrburgring next week
Also, cars are called automobiles
Jalopnik not sharpest tool in shed
Um , this word Turbo does not mean what you think it does
Looking into it
Yes, and it irony
Still too buggy to be in wide EAP. Requires more testing. Hopefully, going to wide EAP next week.
Its up to &amp; as to whether they go with EU rules or rest of world. Not our choice.
Same, except where limited by EU regulations. Were aware of extreme consumer unhappiness about this &amp; are working with EU regulators to address.
In close traffic, poisonous gas spewing from the car in front of you goes straight into your AC intake. Good thing gas/diesel carmakers didnt cheat on their emissions or wed be in real trouble
Nice
Gasoline is designed to burn
Anywhere insurance prices are high
Yeah, several. Smart Summon most significant.
Both and buttons in V10.0
Yup
Yes
Definitely
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated.
Opening on /9
Slowpoke! Didnt even finish his hypothesis
Haha actually true
So good!
Exactly
Coming soon. Version at latest.
Yes
Iceland for sure!
Very soon, sorry for the delay
Aiming for km flight in Oct &amp; orbit attempt shortly thereafter. Starship update will be on Sept th, anniversary of SpaceX reaching orbit. Starship Mk will be fully assembled by that time.
Probably to months. Were about to ship Raptor SN .
Probably m for next gen system
Would love to, but import duties are extremely high, even for electric vehicles
Should be. Will fix.
Also, u can order online at in mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep &amp; return for full refund
Cant believe its been years since our first vertical landing!
Core body diameter is m/30ft
R2D2s Dad
Empty article?
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars
Congrats SpaceX team!!
About to do next Starhopper flight test
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon &amp; depart for the .
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal
Interesting
Not that I know of
Yes, rather embarrassing tbh
Impressively accurate analysis!
Hopefully next year
Appears to be a wiring/connector issue
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. Better long-term, but more finicky in development.
About mins from flight attempt
Starhopper flight currently tracking to pm Texas time for m / ~500ft hover test
Finally, VR thats cool *and* sexy!
Oh behave u naughty planet
Its quite robust
Where are additional Superchargers most needed?
Worlds first very large scale battery has worked out well
Yes, last flight for Hopper. If all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for Raptor.
Exactly! Especially let your PUC commissioners/authorities know.
Agreed, thats the right future
Looks like Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Were working closely with EU regulators &amp; hope to clarify the timeline soon
Ok
Should be soon
If youre a utility or public utilities commission, please consider using the Tesla Megapack. Better for the environment &amp; usually lower cost than fossil fuel peaker plants!
Yes, probably within next to months
Tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
The Nude Scientist
Looks like a wheel of cheese
Ok
We need to complete internal QA testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about weeks
Wow
Everyone who bought FSD will receive priority/early access
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version with smart summon is in wide release, which is about to weeks away, depending on how early access goes
Not risky imo &amp; can be adjusted/improved real-time. Essentially need to figure out most effective way to convert mass to energy, as Mars is slightly too far from this solar systems fusion reactor (the sun).
True, diverting a comet would be super hard. Could be done with small asteroids &amp; a mass driver, but this is risky.
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Will probably make sense to do this when Starship Mk has Raptors, moving body fins &amp; landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid September
Will be converted to Raptor vertical test stand
Trickier than it may seem on Mars, as atmospheric density is % that of Earth &amp; gravity is %, but doable for localized warming
Might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites to warm Mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
AF certification required an enormous amount of work. Its mostly design-review based, not flight-based.
Yeah, would be great to get feedback from Tesla supporters
Initially Model , later Y
Looking forward to seeing Giga Shanghai soon Amazing work by Tesla China team &amp; support of authorities much appreciated!
Not yet
This is a great idea
Um I ate most of it
Cookie decorating contest with kids
Converts about million tons of mass to energy every second
Great name! Wouldnt worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually &amp; we currently have no defense.
Dont know yet, but its important that the whole world transition to sustainable energy, so well make costs as low as possible
One click to order solar &amp; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Next year
With the new lower Tesla pricing, its like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. Still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think
Which means a small corner of Texas (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earths surface
In a few years
Yeah, legs are hydraulic pistons &amp; abdomen is the accumulator
Generates a *lot* of energy
It is quite silly
Meaning less than a century. But this would be pretty intense.
Aspirationally, decades
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
Yes
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but its a step in the right direction
Yeah, the trick is opening &amp; closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
Stop hashtagging me
Perhaps that one was too edgy
Hashtags are an abomination
No, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for Boring Co tunnels reinforcement imo
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time
Simulations all the way down
Trust me, it will be
Hey babe, fancy a hot date ?
Its not boring
Of course!
T-shirt soon
Guess I sort of am already
Id play that game
Nuke Mars!
This isnt correct. Will address.
Good conversation with head of FAA Space. Need a bit more hazard analysis &amp; should be clear to fly soon.
Am talking to in a few hours
Stacking fairing &amp; tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines &amp; landing gear
That was my actual password at one point!
Stop posting my password on twitter!
Coming
Tesla audio engineers come from B&amp &amp; many other companies. They literally rq. Our system is highly programmable, so we keep improving it via OTA codec updates.
Well take care of it
Corporate Surrealism
Not yet
fyi
heh heh
True
No but srsly dont do it
Roughly
Ok
Possibly two weeks
Try playing Powerglide in your Tesla at volume
Working on upgrades to Sentry
No plans to introduce air suspension on Model at this time
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system
Obviously needed
He would our first openly goth president. I think this is very important.
I support Yang
When Opportunity knocks
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Because our universe is actually a microverse in a miniverse. We probably just power someones brake lights.
Will be needed for sure. Bandwidth, no problem, latency is a challenge
Just spoke with FAA, so hopefully yes
Thanks. Starship, which aspires to be fully &amp; immediately reusable in super heavy class, is a truly . Even though Im immersed in Starship/Raptor design &amp; build days/week, it still doesnt feel real.
Approx min payload to Mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100B
Powerwall doesnt need solar panels, but will work fine with both Tesla &amp; non-Tesla solar panels
Yes
Between $100B and $10T
Amazing work over many years by SpaceX engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
For sure
Yup
Might take a bit longer to get through regulatory approvals. Likely September.
Gas cars are so last-century!
Priority / early access will be automatic for all owners with FSD
Were accelerating opening up configurator/order page for more countries. Sorry, lot on our plate!
Probably every to months, depending on how much progress we make
Video is amazing with the Tesla sound system. Will include Caraoke!
FSD owners will get priority in the upload queue
Thanks for reminding me. Will rectify.
Tons of fun!
Tesla software V10 is lookin real good! Releasing to early access list soon
Pot kettle
Dont know enough about Georges company, but it sounds like hes focused on a machine vision approach, which is the only general solution imo
Yeah, George is a little nuts, but I like him &amp; he often has interesting things to say
No sooner than a week. Working approvals with FAA.
Wouldnt read too much into this. Likely to be fewer F9/FH flights, but possibly an order of magnitude more than these numbers in Starship flights.
Thanks George!
Were working with EU regulators to improve rules. Spirit of rules is correct, but exact language doesnt quite align with spirit. Navigate on Autopilot working well in rest of world.
But actual road data is what matters most
Ultimately, however, what really matters is empirical safety. Nothing in life is % safe, so optimal figure of merit is how many millions of miles/km per accident.
Good question. NHTSA is great for fundamental structural safety, except for unbelted front passenger occupant factor. Very rare these days for front passenger to be unbelted. NCAP also great, but there are some weird headlight angle factors. Super inside baseball stuff
Well said!
Ok
Strangers in the Night
Sure
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res)
And really knows cars!
Rocket fairing falls from space &amp; is caught by Ms Tree boat
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins
Race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing &amp; each would count as a win
Details coming at Starship update
Not in current plans, but that may change
No
Vandenberg is great for polar orbits. Will still play an important role long-term, but %+ will be eastward.
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon &amp; Mars!
So much drama &amp; good times too! Maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of &amp; &amp; .
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of m dome rotation &amp; Starship airframe behind windbreak.
Lyft/Uber/taxi drivers are expert Tesla advocates. Thanks for your support!!
Yes
Progress is accelerating
Queen
Teletub
Workin on it. One of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
am guity
Its all about branding
The best guide by far!
Will Dojo to be the difference
That is a great guide
philosophically
His name is Eric, of course
Its about time I suppose
Mad skillz
Yes
A US
Fred Astaire &amp; Ginger Rogers
True
I Top Hat
It finally almost doesnt suck
all u can
Oh my, what a dashingly handsome hat you have!
The lost art of entomological haberdashery &amp; millinery
I dare say that could use a nice
Yes, detailed review of the first orbital Starship, explaining the pros &amp; cons of each design decision
We are tiny
Very convincing! Ok, Boca it is. We should have Starship Mk1 with Raptors almost ready to fly by then.
I wouldve been bankrupt too. Unlikely investors would have funded a second attempt.
Relief
Ok, will discuss with team
Sure
Also, you can request any service from the Tesla phone app in under a minute
August th, either at Cape Canaveral or Boca Chica
That was our last chance to reach orbit. If it had failed, SpaceX would have died.
Yes
Will also be launching The Boring Company China on this trip
Good idea
Youre most welcome!
Fates loves irony
For other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. Also, gives a sense of demand. Current rules in India prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
Not sure. Will check with my team.
Im told import duties are extremely high (up to %), even for electric cars. This would make our cars unaffordable.
Orbital refilling is vital to humanitys future in space. More likely spacecraft to spacecraft (as aircraft do aerial refueling), than a dedicated depot, at least at first.
Fixing
Depot haha
Mailing Dragon dock with Space Station is much harder than docking with our own ship for refilling. Not a problem.
Never thought wed make it this far
Ancient times
Spooling up production line rapidly. Hoping to manufacture ~1000 solar roofs/week by end of this year.
Tesla Megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage
Thanks Jason! Super proud to work with such great teams at SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Boring!!
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Falcon piercing the sound barrier on reentry
Thanks for letting me know
You can
Vehicle alert seen show up automatically &amp; enable single touch request for service for that item either from the car screen or mobile app
System automatically selects between mobile service &amp; service center appointment. Say prefer mobile in comments to bias. We will add a check box for mobile preferred.
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
Were working on it. Agreed, Minecraft is high priority. Roblox too.
Sure
Haha probably true (sigh)
Depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of August
Tesla Service Centers &amp; a lot more Superchargers coming to Poland later this year
Will recognize &amp; read all signs for FSD. Focused on traffic lights &amp; stop signs right now. Most are very easy. Difficulty is millions of corner cases.
Hoping to get Joe Mode into V10. The default, of course, is normal volume, but selecting Joe Mode would lower the volume of strident beeps &amp; chimes by half.
If not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
Yes
Some
Not currently in V10, but will try
Yes, V10 will include several games &amp; infotainment features, improved highway Autopilot, better traffic light &amp; stop sign recognition &amp; Smart Summon
Cant you just play though phone Bluetooth?
Were close, but the magic is in the final details. Maybe to months.
Maybe August, not more than a few months
Yeah, feels just like an old school drive in movie experience, but with much better sound
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
Ability to stream YouTube &amp; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats &amp; surround sound audio.
Yes, really enjoyed it, although wish shed made it up to sky city
Unity port is done, so finessing the controls now. Mostly limited by local storage. Will allow additional game storage via USB. Whatevers most fun!
And those who werent expecting a ternary joke
Will run v high res at fps. Cuphead doesnt need k.
Cuphead for Tesla coming out in August
Space fairies are real
Frank Frazetta
Encounter in
Drone cam
Thanks!
Engine cam
Yes
m hop in a week or two
Starhopper flight successful. Water towers *can* fly haha!!
Btw, you can schedule service via the Tesla app in less than a minute
Good point. Getting fixed
Probably /4 to /2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
Launch underway
Dr. Livingstone, I presume?
Pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
Thin tiles on windward side of ship &amp; nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
Testing a possible Starship windward side ceramic tile. Maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. Nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
Wearing black not recommended
High reflectivity minimizes photonic heating, high emissivity minimizes particle heating. No need to radiate heat away if you arent hot in the first place. Also, as metal heats up to yellow/red/white, it stops being reflective.
One Space Station image for each visit
Me too
In a million years, the Universe will go from being to billion years old. Like tears in the rain
Exciting modes!
True
Time to face reality
Were all just made of two quarks &amp; a lepton
Center engines gimbal to degrees
For engine config, are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
Outer engines stick out slightly from m diameter, dont gimbal &amp; are mechanically joined at nozzle
tough
To be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for Earth to orbit!
Very unlikely
Goodbye
Nuclear thermal rocket for fast transit around solar system would be a great area of research for
Do EV owners use V to G a lot in Australia?
Probably have slots for up to engines, but can decontent as needed. Starship update after Hopper hover.
I am become meme
Dance Dance
Next years competition will be in a km vacuum tunnel with a curve
Woohoo
Orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or Mars. Initially just Starship to Starship, later dedicated tankers.
means cute water
Odd
New top speed of km/h!!
Just saw that on a T-shirt competition
Technically, alcohol is a solution
Full stack is rn, but kinda beggin for just one more
Way too long
Starship Super Heavy with Raptors
I have the t-shirt
Wont change. Starship launch structure will be attached to the other side from tower.
Starship launch structure is being built off-site in steel subsections
to months after that
It *is* vision
I suspect many besides SpaceX will livestream these flights. Wont be subtle.
Texas and Florida Starship prototypes (not Hopper) fly in to months
Made with rain
Coming soon
Yes
Tesla Service Centers &amp; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe
This is actually a good thing btw. China is making amazing progress in space, rapidly iterating on rocket &amp; space station technology. Great respect.
No matter how one considers the data, there is a giant improvement from non-Autopilot to Autopilot
Exactly. Trendline that includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features matches curve of Autopilot software/hardware releases, as youd expect.
Maybe end of next year
Addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
Post test fuel leak, but no major damage
Aiming for hover test next week
Yeah, big advantage of being made of high strength stainless steel: not bothered by a little heat!
This non-Autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
Good piece
I mostly drive Model S Performance with dev version of FSD computer. Our new Raven powertain &amp; adaptive damping suspension is great! Next is Model P &amp; then X if driving with my kids. Acceleration is fun on tap!
Exactly. There is no MSRP, only P.
With anything online
Rococo Basilisk
yes, security is extremely important
Sure
Thoughtful analysis. We will endeavor to provide the robots, chips &amp; software to academia.
Neuralink surprise twist!
Is there a longer edit I can post?
I think so
Something like this is the best way to do it. Incent outcome, not path.
About to go live
Not easy getting a lightsaber into backpack
Approximately km/s
SpaceX has Area
Agreed, should be $3k less to get to FSD from EAP
If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more. Gen Shinseki
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Probably
Agreed. Thats approximately date when we expect Enhanced Summon to be in wide release. It will be magical. Lot of hard work by Autopilot team.
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August
Straw man fallacy. To appreciate, your car just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably ~$75k is enough if you bought a . FSD will be bundled in all cars (important point). Something is not a commodity if you cant make enough of them &amp; we wont be able to.
No, since Tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
If we make all cars with FSD package self-driving, as planned, any such Tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
Basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. Team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
Presentation streaming live from at pm Pacific
Streaming. Check Neuralink website later today. Starts around pm.
Wont be today, hopefully tomorrow
Sure, will do
This guy is not a cofounder of Neuralink. Was at company briefly, but he didnt work out.
We are tiny, simple creatures
RIP
Um yes
Grahams number
To Infinity and Beyond!
SpaceX thruster package will be subtle. Hidden behind license plate.
Haha yes
Yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. Those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
Yeah, thats next after summon
Will trace back inertial measurements &amp; wheel movements to exit multilevel garage, unless car was teleported into position, in which case all bets are off
Initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
Probably mph or km/h
Good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
Parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. Doing an in-depth engineering review of Enhanced Summon later today.
Agreed, its a small, but important, feature
Ok
Also, I stole the idea from Spaceballs
Take note
About right, but dangerously chuggy &amp; risking bad things at %. Well keep it above % for this flight.
More like to mT to GTO ~27 deg. Plane change is *v*sin /2, as I recall, but doesnt matter, as theres no geo anywhere near that mass.
mT to mT for true useful load to useful orbit (eg Starlink mission), including propellant reserves. mT for reference payload compared to other rockets. This is in fully reusable config. About double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
Cont of main
We changed the design quite a bit. More about this in late July.
~20m up &amp; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully km up in a few months.
Sure
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
Great team
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their year history!!
Its Not a Flamethrower, Mr Escobar
Sure
Exactly
The is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound &amp; orbits the Earth every minutes
Ok
Absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your Tesla anywhere in the world, unless its prevented by government rules. Thanks for letting me know.
Feeling extra button
Done. Im feeling &amp; Im feeling navigation buttons coming with next software release.
Whoop Whoop!!
I think so. Will check.
Would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other Tesla owners in the area
Sigh
The answer is always aliens
Nice
I have over the years
That was a real sign
I actually asked Ashlee Vance not to write the book several times. Inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
True
Exactly
No
No
There is no refreshed Model X or Model S coming, only a series of minor ongoing changes. Most significant change in past few years was to use high efficiency Model rear drive unit as S/X front drive unit. That went into production months ago.
This shampoo sounds amazing
No problem
The Cape is one of the two Starship build sites. More on this later.
!freespace
May the light of consciousness shine bright
Overall successful. Aborted at T+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
Exactly
Sure
To be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a Tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car
Between first development engine &amp; first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware &amp; software. Over time, thousands.
Upgrading to kW soon
Intersections with complex traffic lights &amp; shopping mall parking lots are the two biggest software challenges. Developer branch already mostly works in these scenarios, but massive effort required to get to % safety.
Local supporters will be invited!
Yes
~Q4
End of Q4, most likely
Production fully switched over ~3 months ago. Functionality wont diverge until Q4, as its limited by software validation. Will be later for Europe compared to rest of world due to regulatory constraints that were put in place years ago by big ICE companies.
This is why its possible for Tesla to have a million robotaxis by end of if we upgrade existing HW2 fleet of ~500k &amp; make at least ~500k FSD cars
All HW2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with Tesla FSD computer &amp; all production in past few months has FSD computer
Starship Mk &amp; Hopper
Wrlq
Agreed
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
Listening to Revolutions by Duncan Found this on a throw pillow
Will do Starship presentation a few weeks after Hopper hovers, so prob late July. If that timing works, free LJ chips for all present!
My D&amp char was NG
Sounds like fun
Occupy Mars
Cat is out of the bag
Exciting progress in Boca! Hopper almost ready to hover. Based on tonights test, looks like Hz Raptor vibration problem is fixed.
Sharknado is real
When sheets come loose all dignity is lost
Model X as it should be shown
What ants must feel like
Yeah
Landing on Ms. Tree
Rocket fairing returning from space
Active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. Since all Tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident &amp; do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
We must safeguard the future of life by transitioning to sustainable energy on Earth &amp; becoming multiplanetary via Mars. Its not clear how much time we have to do these things, but sooner is definitely better.
Best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. Makes a world of difference for pedestrians &amp; cyclists especially.
Should be fixed soon
Reason for top rating is that active steering &amp; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars
Congratulations Tesla team &amp; thanks to all the new Tesla owners!!
Sure
Good one
Meme of recursive irony
Not often these days. Good way to spend time with kids though.
Playing a little Polytopia. Gonna try Solaris w my boys.
Death Note
Yeah, exactly
Yep, order online at in mins &amp; car delivered direct to home
Is this true ?
FWIW, based on calcs I did years ago, cross-over point for Li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 Wh/kg. High cycle batteries are just over Wh/kg today, but probably exceed in ~5 years.
Jet A (kerosene) has much higher energy density than Li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less &amp; convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
Yes, but still a bit too limited on range. That will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We you!!
Tweak music &amp; car karaoke
Fun, little music tool coming later
Sure. Want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes!
One day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
Merkindise coming soon!
They have the best merkins
Im such a bad public speaker! Damn.
These do seem like wise words
If only wed listened
But, if youre going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly!
If you dont already know what a merkin is, dont google it. You have been warned.
Typing Merlin literally just autocorrected me to merkin
We poured our heart &amp; soul into it. Lot of hubris too, but no regrets. Faberg egg of cars.
Hardly anyone noticed, but still
We worked so hard to create that exact view. Seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
Design &amp; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible
sec -60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
Thats actually kinda true
Almost anything. Length/diameter is much lower &amp; Starship doesnt have a hammerhead fairing that acts like main sail.
Youre touching on a good critique of Falcon . Our st stage to nd stage propellant ratio is too high. Were fixing that with Starship.
That would be unwise. Probably needs a restraint mechanism like Disneys Space Mountain roller coaster. Would feel similar to Space Mountain in a lot of ways, but youd exit on another continent.
~1000, as all seats would be coach &amp; no toilets, pilot area or food galley needed. Most flights would only be to mins. Its basically an ICBM traveling at Mach that lands.
About , assuming people want cabins. Pressurized volume is similar to A380. Could take a lot more on shorter trips.
That was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher &amp; stability of booster in ground winds is low
There will be no Block . Moving to Starship architecture.
Frangible would def hurt reusability. Also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
Good to see this. Splitting interstage into sections will have some challenges, but could work.
Probably sooner
Ok
Sure, that would be an honor
Most likely. It is programmed to do so.
High entry force &amp; heat breached engine bay &amp; center engine TVC failed
Ok, thanks
Working on Tesla global logistics
I know sigh. Those are truly a work of art.
Yes, but we couldnt take a chance on nd stage failing its th maneuver. This mission was more complex than anything Im aware of in history of rockets. RIP center core, you did your duty well.
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
High payload/delta-V missions will always be far downrange. Value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. Altitude is almost unimportant.
Center core RUD. It was a long shot.
He was the real deal
One of our main conference rooms at SpaceX is named after Goddard
No, its along the way
Colonizing Mars one mug at a time!
Waiting for Falcon Heavy to launch means high cortisol levels. This is our toughest rocket launch ever.
Yeah
Heat will breathe life into Mars
Yes! I love botanical gardens. This is my favorite:
Absolutely
Yeah, that sounds ideal! I love the KSC rocket garden. Spent many days there looking at rocket design details.
Uh oh
Ok
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug
Chomsky is the Iago of socio-economic theory &amp; Piketty is his docile puppet
Starship will do orbital launches from Boca Chica (near Brownsville) &amp; Cape
At Cape for launch, so watched on hotel screen, but still so beautiful
Just watched it from your link
Yeah
Apollo
Yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
Odds of center core surviving are about % imo, as its coming in about times faster than a rifle bullet
Tesla Software Engineering
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A
All Raptors have slight throttle range by adjusting flow to ox &amp; fuel turbines, but deep throttling imposes limitations on injector stiffness &amp; needs extra hardware. Swear these are legit technical terms
Its a factor. Main reason is that FFSC is the ultimate architecture for converting propellant into rocket velocity.
Yes, they run at *much* higher pressure, but lower temperature. Thermal shock &amp; strain are what fatigue Merlin turbine blades. Solvable for high reusability, but better to apply that engineering to Raptor.
Same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about bar more
Merlin could probably do flights too. Turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. Probably some seals &amp; bearings as well. Coking not really an issue.
So cool
Anything with high contrast
Excessive shades of grey
Yeah, weve been working on curbs a *lot*. Concrete seams too. So glamorous.
Other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. Raptor is designed for heavy &amp; immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. Using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
Third revision of Enhanced Summon hopefully going to Tesla owners with early access later this week
Haha
Depends on destination
Planning on a simplifying mod to Raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to mT level
Since Raptor produces tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. However, Raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
Chomsky sucks
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
More than that now, but &lt;10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
Full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so /year. Still, non-trivial at tons of thrust/year.
Raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design &amp; replace some parts. Production is ramping exponentially, though. SN6 almost done. Aiming for an engine every hours by end of year.
For sure moon st, as its only days away &amp; u dont need interplanetary orbital synchronization
Moon too
Earth
After Starship returns from orbit
Mars belongs to the Martians
A lot.
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live.
Maybe a musket with candy ammo?
e^ln() =
Swear it works great in hell or yer back
Haha
A few other small things change, but pretty close
Tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. Makes both environmental &amp; economic sense. Please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
No, were already recycling them
Yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people &amp; fewer young
Real issue will an aging &amp; declining world population by , *not* overpopulation. Randers estimate far more accurate than UN imo:
We are the Von Neumann machines
Yezz
Stonk tip of the day
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store
Exactly. And many areas of countries showing good Internet actually have poor or no access, so those are important to address too.
One of my favorite original Roadster colors!
How about baby pink?
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June . Order online at .
Changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for years. Every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for Model .
A simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Will consider
This will be our most difficult launch ever
But on the inside
Original Star Wars
Sole meunire
Probably fine. Some Tesla taxis in Amsterdam have times that mileage.
Actually, I stole it from my secret meme dealer
Non, je ne regrette meme
Missed you too
Touched by an
Not sure yet
My chariot license is made of papyrus!
Thats the Tesla part
Overall master plan should be explained. I think it still makes sense if we dont consider AI b other.
Ive been tweeting strange shit since Ramses II. He was a great pharaoh!
Might get pushed to next month. Starhopper flight first. Waiting on engine repair.
years ago, SpaceX server room was named Skynet as a joke. Fate irony.
Thanks
Model arriving in UK
Good question. Will consider thoughtful response.
By far
Good analysis. Both computers will be used &amp; sync ~20 times per second. This is a long time to a computer. Like a twin-engine plane, use both engines to max for normal operation, but can safely operate on just one.
Falcon Rising
BG2 was so good
No need, Top Gear already did
The Ass Blade of Vengeance!
Weird that this actually happened. Music makes a big difference.
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery
Truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. Also, baby dont hurt me haha
Yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. Too complex &amp; unwieldy.
Cool, thats the way it should be!
Cant fool me it was
Sounds about right
Dont make me challenge you to a rap battle!!
Fair point
Yeah, dual motor AWD is super fun!
RWD with all-weather tires works great. Tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. Really helps to have Newton &amp; Maxwell on your side.
Thanks Bob! He is a tough critic.
Not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach
Also $2500 tax credit for California &amp; $500 to $800 utility incentive
US tax credit of $3750 drops in half for Tesla on July . Order online in a few mins at . Return in days for full refund.
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials
Exactly
(muffled titter)
Haha
Would be good to look up electricity rates by location &amp; optimize cost automatically
Yeah, they were a little off the mark
Fun!
Applies to a small number of Bay Area residents, but worth checking out
is relativistic side effect of
Strong incentive to make up &amp; promote negative news
True, cost of operating a Tesla is much lower than other cars
Landing in the fog
Fear (and memes) get clicks
Storm Watch was active for hundreds of Powerwall customers this weekend as a result of Red Flag Fire Warnings in California, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
Absolutely agree. Major expansion of service centers underway.
Super fair criticism. Were putting max resources on this. Hard to hire enough repair technicians in Norway! Please apply if interested.
Norway
Good point. Maybe we could collect rainwater, add a little antifreeze in cold climates &amp; make it last for years.
Annual tire rotation is actually optional. Only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
Yes
Upcoming Falcon Heavy &amp; details
China EV subsidies mostly end this month &amp; fully end in about months
Yes
No problem if you want to post the suggestions on this timeline. Its great to get thoughtful criticism.
mph is common on the Autobahn. Even with only offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to mph.
Tesla Superchargers &amp; service centers coming to Kazakhstan this year
Yes, as you point out, it will clear up a lot of the misunderstandings
Avg speed of NY Subway is actually mph. TBC loop can run at mph with pax autopods passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels to their destination. Thats /hour/lane &amp; you can build dozens of lanes. Will crush any subway in throughput &amp; convenience.
Only cars made in China are eligible for these subsidies. Tesla has never had access to them.
Exactly
Were trying to simplify product complexity, so only offering white (technically black &amp; white) interior in high volume markets
Science
Read it on
This is my pet bee, Eric
Working on Starship
Scientists say its a crucial step towards catgirls
New Tesla Summon will ur
Releasing to Early Access Program Tesla owners next week
Found an old copy of
Also HEPA filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
Same
Not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. Model S &amp; X primary HEPA filter alone is literally % bigger than normal car air filter.
S/X HEPA filter is one of my favorite features
Model Performance
Feedback received. Restoring white interior.
Thats the idea
Thoughtful model
Based on our data, Autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
Tesla is affecting powerful vested interests. Big auto &amp; oil companies arent known for their gentle behavior. SpaceX is battling US military prime contractors &amp; space programs of national govts. No walk in the park there.
Yeah, *way* better. Dramatically improves cost, complexity &amp; ease of operations. Distances of ~10,000 km with decent payload seem achievable at roughly Mach .
Add to more Raptors for Starship point to point on Earth. You can go surprisingly far, even with low lift/drag. This was an unexpected result.
Wings/flaps &amp; leg design changing again (sigh). Doesnt affect schedule much though.
Not bad
Exactly. Were on the wrong planet for SSTO. No problem on Mars or any of the moons.
Yeah, the fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against Tesla has reached new heights
I paid most of my Tesla-related expenses too. Tesla last year was actually net negative comp for me.
One days grace, taking into account time zone confusion. Will revert tomorrow.
Edgy move
Good idea
True. Im a gamer &amp; my boys are too. Starlink is designed to be great even for competitive twitch reflex games.
Yup
Would love to do exactly that
Agreed, sent a note to Starlink team last week specifically regarding albedo reduction. Well get a better sense of value of this when satellites have raised orbits &amp; arrays are tracking to sun.
Exactly, potentially helping billions of economically disadvantaged people is the greater good. That said, well make sure Starlink has no material effect on discoveries in astronomy. We care a great deal about science.
Rotate on one axis. Magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
Yes, already planned. We avoid use of certain lower Ku frequencies specifically for radio astronomy.
Aiming for sub ms latency initially, sub ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
If we need to tweak sat orientation to minimize solar reflection during critical astronomical experiments, thats easily done. Most orbital objects are close to Earth btw, as shown by this NASA density map.
There are already satellites in orbit, which people notice ~0% of the time. Starlink wont be seen by anyone unless looking very carefully &amp; will have ~0% impact on advancements in astronomy. We need to move telelscopes to orbit anyway. Atmospheric attenuation is terrible.
No, Raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
Fair
Super proud of SpaceX propulsion/test/materials team! One of hardest technology problems. New high temp superalloy &amp; internal foundry needed to make it work. Foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
Only a tiny amount. There is enough air to affect the satellites &amp; allow some amount of yaw steering.
Propellant stays same, but almost everything else improves. Fundamental goal is minimize cost per ton to surface of Mars.
Great video. Couple notes: Raptor designed for subcooled CH4/O2, so propellant density &amp; thrust increase up to ~8%, as needed for mission. Isp &amp; up to % thrust/weight improvement over time. Merlin thrust/weight doubled from V1, but Raptor is closer to optimum.
Whoa cool
Yes
Beautiful solar sail
ISS is extremely gigantic &amp; has lights
Precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
Exactly
Karma
Bold move
Stop sending me this tron - Audi
Great ad
This is complete nonsense
Exactly. A car being electric &amp; upgradable to full self-driving maximizes future resale value.
Its not my finest work
Given how many countries are limiting or setting an end date for combustion engine cars, their future resale value cars will be low. Consumers are starting to realize this.
Krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every mins
No
Absolutely
Yes, to months
Lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
Another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps &amp; elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
Opposite is true: you can have s of layers of tunnels, but only one layer on surface (to first approximation), therefore trains should be on surface, cars below
Yes, but you get to your destination so quickly &amp; directly that it doesnt matter
Exactly. Still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
Paperwork &amp; hundreds of approving authorities is by far the hardest part
LA has a subway, but most people dont know about it
That would great!
Yes. No one will forced to take the tunnel. Its optional!
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome &amp; safest place to be in an earthquake
So far, so good
Ironically, same publications will attack me for compensation tied to Tesla tripling in value and imply Tesla is worthless. They cant *both* be true!
Gary the still crushes us! Wouldnt be fair. But TBC might give him a run for his money next year.
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
This is simple and just works
Pretty much
Racing at mph in a tunnel under LA
Fairing halves recovered
Krypton ion thrusters activate in about hours to raise orbit
All Starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
Thanks! Yeah, thats pretty close.
Launch in mins
New S &amp; X are much improved. Worth trying out. Youre on version , current S/X is version .
Its smart *and* enhanced!
Smart Summon coming soon!
Tower with Knight is across road from SpaceX, looking at rocket
Part of the factory is being upgraded, but tours will continue around the parts that arent
Yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. Also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
Outer engines are attached to the edge of the airframe to give the center engines room to move
~2.8m
Turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. Our turbopumps are vertical, have fan-looking things on pump side &amp; complex cross-flow. Liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
Horizontally
First flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. Probably around .
So it goes
months
Hopefully, months
Vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. Sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly &amp; at high angle for landing. Larger nozzle leaves less room to move &amp; increases moment of inertia.
Yeah. Outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
Sure
Two tunnels about a mile long each
Yes
Makes no sense. In order to grow the colony, youd have to transport vast amounts of mass from planets/moons/asteroids. Would be like trying to build the USA in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean!
Aiming for tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least tons, allowing for mass growth
N2 for vacuum. Aero surfaces &amp; high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
Hoping for sec Isp, but at least . Otherwise similar to sea level version.
Aspirationally
sea level optimized Raptors, vacuum optimized Raptors (big nozzle)
After the GoT finale, we dropped it to
Mk1 &amp; Mk2 ships at Boca &amp; Cape will fly with at least engines, maybe all
About to complete SN5, ramping to an engine every days this summer
Boring Company starts digging Vegas tunnel in months. Aiming to finish by end of year.
The turbine also spins though. Partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer &amp; impellers.
But, essentially, the spinning things
Yes
Turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. Requires an inducer &amp; impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
Did it for the memes
Coming soon
Yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. Electric supersonic VTOL. Hard problem.
Hopefully in about days
Physics favors full flow
Good design imo
Thanks Sam!
Good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
Sorry to hear that. Will fix.
Ok
Easy to turn one of our Starlink satellites into a debris collector
Yes
Almost ready. Im testing it personally this weekend.
Yes
Also porting Unreal Engine
Nintendo wont let us
Maybe so eventually, but it will be information &amp; entertainment, not trickery
Tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. Instead, we use that money to make the product great.
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel &amp; pedals!
Sure
Of course
Portal &amp; on this would rock
Would be great to have &amp; !
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons &amp; XBox/PS controllers
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity!
Top Secret
It technically could, but wouldnt have enough mass margin for a heat shield, landing propellant or legs, so not reusable
No worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. Nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives &amp; forks are made of.
Because a Tesla produces no emissions &amp; filters most toxins, pollen, spores &amp; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Sure is. I live here. Air quality is especially bad near highways.
This is why we put extra filters in all Tesla cars. S &amp; X even have hospital operating room grade HEPA filters.
Yeah, feels like something is messed up with Apple news app. Almost only ever shows negative news. Nickname is the hate stream
Congrats on many successful launches!
And I am forever grateful
Set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
Physics demands the impedance of resistance, because its not real
What makes resistance complex is that its half imaginary!
Glad it worked out
Congratulations &amp; on creating great open source literacy software!
more launches of for initial activation, for significant coverage
Starlink mission will be heaviest payload ever at tons. If all goes well, each launch of satellites will generate more power than Space Station &amp; deliver terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
Thats about right
Probably start installing end of next month
SN4 is done. Hawthorne is working on SN5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of SN6 through SN10.
The opposite. Any insights gained by one team must be shared with the other, but other team not required to use them.
Both sites will make many Starships. This is a competition to see which location is most effective. Answer might be both.
SpaceX is doing simultaneous competing builds of Starship in Boca Chica Texas &amp; Cape Canaveral Florida
A lot, but you cant count on lines
Exactly
Its a factor
GoT season finale leaked
Technically, his bro
Happy Mothers Day. I love you Mom!
Ok
Completely agree. Every Tesla should have good art &amp; music creation software.
It is flat-packed. No dispenser.
That *might* not be my lucky number
More details on day of launch, currently tracking to Wednesday
Much will likely go wrong on st mission. Also, more launches of sats needed for minor coverage, for moderate.
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
If static fire on Mon, on Tues
First Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit.
Ok
u3k
Exactly
Yes
Yes, they are!
Will try it
We have dogs &amp; cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
Cats, probably not tbh
Truth
How about Future is driving you, followed by the word future several times in decreasing font size?
By Spiderwee on Artstation
How about being able to look through any of the cameras?
Sure
Thats how I feel when I see dabbing
. drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America
Probably June
Oh stop teasing, Jeff
But putting the word Blue on a ball is questionable branding
Competition is good. Results in a better outcome for all.
We could have gamed an LA/NY Autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with Tesla Full Self-Driving will be able to do it too
That journey will have a diff age rating
Latest Model S is slightly faster
Basically begging for it
Shoulda seen it coming
Turns out theres more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Soon
Baby Thanos?
Time
Yes
Yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
I was just there about a month ago
Probably shouldnt have called holding company Cyberdyne Systems
Just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
Hes just kidding, folks, but best to turn car off just in case. Also was years ago.
Mein Herz brennt isboss fight song
Schatz, bitte hr auf- ich werde rot!
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Model Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at , but lots of other EVs available:
Were closing the loop on Autobahn driving. Will improve dramatically in coming months. Ultra gemtlich.
Oh. They have nice pictures there.
There are people not on Twitter!? Where are they?
Does look like fun
Finnish Metal Rocks
One of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. Version sometimes took days.
In recent years, hours were much higher. Dont recommend though bad for health &amp; happiness. But no choice or Tesla would die. Hope to reduce to hours next year.
Been wanting to go ever since that Finnish metal band won
My security car is called Baby Smurf
Also, Blood, Gandalf the Grey &amp; Superdraco
Eurovision
too Euro
Click checkbox under Advanced Settings
Effectively throttles via tight impulse width control &amp; hundreds of small firings
Dragon approaching Space Station
Not to be taken literally, of course. He means any maker of dairy products.
Wow, how did they take this video!?
Yes
Looks about light-minutes away
Relatively speaking
Space is easy, orbit is hard
SpaceX needs to demonstrate more progress with Starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
. support for reusability with high reliability, the critical breakthrough for orbital rockets, has made a big difference
Will consider
To air is human
Sorry for the inconvenience. Were aware of this glitch &amp; its fixed, but software updates wait for a WiFi connection. Policy has been changed to push updates like this over cell connection sooner.
Close
Just kidding (obv), but the Fermi Paradox is bizarre
Maybe theyre among us. Just saying maybe
Yeah definitely
Triggered
Candy is coming
Thats a direct quote from Warren Buffett
Also times more fun!
Later this month. We need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
Order online in mins, day return policy
Margaritaville is one of my fav songs
True
Youre welcome. Thanks for buying a Tesla!
Only if unable to order by May
Here you go
Ok
Maybe this goat is available
Changing Tesla horn sound to
Sigh
Yeah, weird
Good question
What should be developed on Ethereum?
Of M futures, M were simply death by boredom
Naturally Ramanujan
How many futures are there actually?
Stop giving away free ETH!
And yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with AI
Fate loves irony
jk
Ethereum
Excellent analysis
Deepfake
OG wisdom
Malcolm new book is
Starships on Mars
Yes
Damn haters
Starship on the moon
Our competitors do
We dont buy advertising
Wheres the proof!?
Genau
Might be boring
Physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
Its pretty much the only theory. This will mess with your mind:
Sensors are for the weak. Just go open loop.
So true
As sure as night follows day
Schrdinger is a probability distribution in the shape of a cat
Any observation of Schrdinger changes Schrdinger
Once had a Great Dane named Hamlet, because Hamlet was a great Dane
The only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid!
Thats them! Schrdinger is neither here nor there.
Not as far as I know
We have a big dog called Gatsby, a little dog called Marvin the Martian &amp; a cat named Schrdinger
Yes
Quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
NVIDIA is a great company, but we needed (essentially) a dedicated ASIC for vision-based driving, whereas their solution needs to serve many different customer needs.
I think it will be something like that. Much more productive to manage a fleet of robotaxis than only drive one taxi yourself.
TOPS for Xavier. Pegasus is just Xavier with a power hog GPU on a separate board. Problem is you cant transfer data fast enough between computer &amp; GPU, so GPU usable TOPS is almost irrelevant.
Exactly, Tesla &amp; Nvidia numbers described by Pete were max *usable* teraops running our vision net
Were working on it. Takes time to get all regulatory approvals. Almost there for the larger US states. At least to months for Europe/UK.
Certain regulatory agencies would beg to differ
Haha yes
Its just me writing, so the foolish things I say are entirely my fault
Only see about % of mentions. No deep logic to those I answer. Aspirationally useful, but often whimsical.
No, just preparing for untethered hover tests
Tom is still an advisor to SpaceX, but semi-retired about years ago &amp; doesnt work on Raptor. Will Heltsley heads propulsion overall, but Raptor is a team effort. No single leader.
Great work by Tesla China team &amp; supporting contractors!
Hoping to cover all of Eastern Europe this year
Yup
Everyone knows
Cramer is a simulation. Hes not real.
Thats odd. Will look into it.
UK order page will go live around May or
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May for those unable to order by May
UK Model order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand &amp; Hong Kong
CleanTechnica summarizes new print cover story
Haha
Will be sentient, of course
Range will be above km
Agreed, were ramping up service centers &amp; Tesla mobile service worldwide
More like $1000, but varies by country due to big differences in tax
Considering
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May . You can order online at .
Like blowing twigs too?
Nope
Motor Trend on Model S updates
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging
Strange but true
This require hardware
Can order online in mins for home delivery &amp; return in days for full refund
New Model S has mile / km range
Perhaps the Internet has some helpful suggestions?
Cant think of anything
Someone else thought of an electric blower first? What!?
Tesla blows haha
We can probably just repurpose Model HVAC parts. Not a big deal.
True
Long lasting battery + fast recharge &gt; pack swap
Haha ok
Its been suggested by many, externally &amp; internally
Arent there good ones already?
Maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Yeah, there was a major change in last several months. Everyone noticed, Fred. Hello.
Will do
Absolutely
Seriously
Also, how did you manage to get shamed into being de facto anti-Tesla by social media trolls. Jeez
Fred, every fire *is* investigated. Problem is those who only write about injury Tesla fires while ignoring fatal combustion car fires or fail to mention any contextual statistics in their article, misleading readers into thinking EVs have high fire risk when opposite is true.
Thanks, support super appreciated
Sad if true
When you read double standard articles about Tesla, please ask why. Maybe theres a good reason that isnt obvious.
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over % *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
Over a million combustion engine (its right there in the name!) car fires per year &amp; thousands of deaths, but one Tesla car fire with no injuries gets biggest headlines. Why the double standard? This is a real question.
Those who predicted Tesla &amp; EVs would be dead &amp; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for -12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers + years late. Why the double standard?
Almost all coverage back then said hydrogen fuel cells would destroy electric cars &amp; autonomy was between years &amp; never
Anti-matter def wins on energy density
Exactly. By end of this quarter, about half a million Teslas will have full self-driving hardware (pending computer swap) &amp; we will make another half million FSD cars by mid next year.
As a robotaxi, probably closer to hours, accounting for empty legs, travel to charger/cleaning/service, wait times, etc. ~30 mile penalty most likely imo over ~120 paid miles. Impact is signicant for electricity cost, battery wear cost &amp; larger range pack needed.
Over a quarter million gasoline vehicle fires per year in USA alone
Anyone who did this analysis should interview at Tesla
Upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
Is that a real billboard?
Well let the NN loose on Track Mode one day thatll be insane
Reddit is hardcore. Mostly correct analysis. Comments so dark
Or maybe pegging
On yeah, that too
Exactly. Also, you cant actually use computation from a separate GPU effectively, as you get choked on the bus, so most of the computation is irrelevant. High power, high cooling, but low true, usable TOPS. Worst of all worlds.
Full Self-Driving video
All Model s ever made can upgrade
Warning, this presentation is hrs &amp; mins long
Exactly
All cars made since Oct either have the hardware needed for FSD or are trivially upgradeable
Yeah, will post soon
Its automatic
Tesla Full Self-Driving
Happy Home Planet Day!
Full Metal Alchemy
Love that movie!
Actual Tesla range is about miles / km past zero
Coming soon
Already have one
Respawn++
The Internet is insane
Never seen anything like it. Tesla is just trying to make electric cars &amp; solar power for a better future for all. True, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
Milady, my shield is yours
This is extremely messed up. , whats going on?
FTW
We are very tiny
Put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. Anything hydrophobic from hardware store or Tesla service can do it.
Bach is killing it on YouTube
I love your castle
Ewere a winsome eyre
Nice
Back to work
Are you me or are you you?
My fav color is blue, no red, aaargh
New uWu
Old ewe
Its USB-C
It works great!
Haha
I meant lmpe. Wheres the edit function when you really need it!?
Just wants a little lamp
So cute
Original moth meme
Or a sheep
Exactly
Wake up sheeple! - sheep
propellant grade kerosene (basically, jet fuel) &amp; liquid oxygen are close, but H2 &amp; O2 are not
Common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel &amp; oxidizer
My Twitter is pretty much complete nonsense at this point
Like thug, but rural
Rrl Lf
Switched souls with The Museum of English Rural Lofe
But Im just a simple sheep/ram
Sheep replicants
Sheeps thank you
Are you good with sheep?
Im an absolute unit too
Yeah, gave everything I had to Tesla in Dec
Its not a big deal. Charge to % to % &amp; youll be fine. At % state of charge, regen braking doesnt work, because the battery is full, so car is less energy efficient.
Haha
Yes
Rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
Engines seem ok, pending inspection
It can, but the attachment fixtures are different from standard F9 &amp; they werent ready in time
Winter in snowfall is so beautiful
Im actually less crazy in person or am I?
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
Yes
Haha true. I actually love horses.
Buying a car in that cant upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in
Love Just Water btw
With steel membrane wings like a Dragon, we may be able to lower Starships orbital reentry temp to ~1000 degrees C, which would allow the whole surface to be uncooled bare metal
Starship will land on a ring of fire
Yes
Winter is coming
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
That tweet did take immense effort Fair point tho. Powerwall production is now ramping fast. Tesla was cell-starved last year, so we had to switch all lines to make packs for cars, which meant Powerwall production was living off scraps.
Deal
Please support my campaign to rebrand as emoji!
At some point, and I should just a get a room
Just use this handy guide
Yes
Good interview by
Truth
Exactly
How embarrassing. Will change.
We will. You read it right.
Haha true
Ive always thought that the fundamental good of Tesla should be measured by the number of years by which it accelerates the transition to sustainable transport &amp; energy
Good point, small oil is a problem too
Im sorry, Fred, but WSJ has relentlessly attacked Tesla with bogus articles for over a decade. They cant *all* be chalked up to poor reporting. Where are the WSJ expos pieces on oil, coal &amp; gas? That industry is times bigger than Tesla. Perhaps theyre all angels
Yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! Unbelievable that WSJ would write something so false.
True, Bloomberg is almost as bad
Holman Jenkins &amp; WSJ in general are sock puppets of big oil
Starship is kinda Gundam
Very much so. There are B cars &amp; trucks on Earth. Even replacing % of that fleet would require making M vehicles per year. Tesla will make over k cars in next months, but thats a mere % of M or % of global vehicle fleet. Car industry slow -&gt; demand &gt;&gt; supply.
Sentry Mode fundamentally empowers the individual car owner over entrenched interests, in this case a corrupt traffic judge. Even Tesla doesnt have access to the video unless sent to us by owner.
Mint berry crunch
poetic justice
Boring candy coming soon
Mr Buffett, please stop destroying Dairy Queen. In the name of all that is holy, please stop.
Wow, a lot of people dont know much about how manufacturing works! If you have peak capacity of X, actual average weekly output will necessarily be less than X. First -12 months, it will be much less than X. Impossible to predict exact production ramp S-curve.
There is GWh/yr theoretical capacity, but actual max output is ~2/3. It was physically impossible to make more Model s in Q1 due to cell constraints.
Yes
Yes, all cars with Autopilot or higher, so ~400,000 of Tesla cars built to date
Your interventions do train the NN, but we first verify that the training doesnt cause other issues, so expect step rather than continuous changes in capability
Yes
There will be that too, but economics will favor initial purchase
Hopefully have the order page live before then. If not, will push price change out a bit later.
Not good enough yet. Pushing release by a few weeks. Will be amazing.
Incorrect. Pana cell lines at Giga are only at ~24GWh/yr &amp; have been a constraint on Model output since July. No choice but to use other suppliers for Powerwall/Powerpack cells. Tesla wont spend money on more capacity until existing lines get closer to GWh theoretical.
Tesla will start FSD computer upgrade in a few months
Something like that
Starting May
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
Coming this year
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within days for full refund)
Cryptocurrency is my safe word
Model drive unit &amp; body is designed like a commercial truck for a million mile life. Current battery modules should last k to k miles (1500 cycles). Replacing modules (not pack) will only cost $5k to $7k.
Cool
On April , Investor Autonomy Day, Tesla will free investors from the tyranny of having to drive their own car
Uh its a simulation hello
Da Vinci biography
Malala
That would be cool to do one day
Other automakers change prices constantly &amp; substantially by varying rebates &amp; discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. Tesla is transparent &amp; consistent.
So if we raise prices in the future, will you cut Tesla a check? Cant have it both ways.
Ahem RHD
LHD order page should be live within a few weeks. Deliveries start hopefully June/July.
Coming this year
Good point
Leasing now available for Model
Samwise
Am basically doing continuous AMA on Twitter!
This is true. They each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters &amp; steerable parachutes.
SpaceX team
Made on Earth by humans
Yes
Recovered from water, but undamaged
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink mission later this year.
Thanks on behalf of team! We !
Liquid oxygen
The Falcons have landed
. team would be so honored to fly this for !
Haha exactly
Upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. Will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
Vengeance
Haha sure sounds like it
Probably something notable to announce in a few months
I hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. Symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
Actually true
Found a pic
First flight for Falcon Heavy Block means there is some risk of failure between % to % imo. Many good design improvements from Falcon Heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
I first read this as making wind with
Norway has already proven it could be done last month. No question Australia could do this in far fewer than years.
. copy
No, its better
Building primary structure completion seems on track for May, but then it will take several months to install &amp; activate factory equipment
Love Brunel. Great first name too.
Yes
Mobile can do it no problem
Doesnt matter yet whether you have Tesla FSD computer or Tesla Nvidia-based computer. When it does matter later this year, Tesla will switch the computers for you.
What city?
Two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each SoC having two NN accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
Yes. Working through regulatory approvals.
The Tesla Full Self-Driving Computer now in production is at about % compute load for these tasks or % with full fail-over redundancy
Time flies
Any user input counts
Car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. Just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability &gt;&gt; human.
It will enable video when parked &amp; connected to WiFi. All Tesla Superchargers will have free WiFi over time.
Youre welcome. Thanks for your great photos!
Yeah, Id love to do that
Starhopper
Good idea
Definitely
Already fixed
To make core AP more affordable
That would be cool. Color variation causes havoc though.
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules &amp; processes, so just takes time.
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Precisely
Almost done
Are you on Mad Max Mode? This may be too meek for places like the LA Freeway
Radar
Sure
Exactly
Base AP will have same NN, so core functionality also improves
Many different regulatory authorities. Just takes time.
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon.
Starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits!
Max thrust of tons will be almost % higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block , so were being extra cautious. Launch date might move.
Exactly
drivers in this dataset use Autopilot for % of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.
Hi Nina! So how many would it take? Just between us.
Stay positive
Good point
How much is it?
I think Ive paid for a subscription at least three times, but your paywall keeps forgetting this
Please fix your paywall. Your content is great, but your paywall is not.
Yes
Yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
Thats exactly the idea. Whats not well understood is that Tesla cars being made *today* will be able to do that for you. Just a matter of finishing the software &amp; going through regulatory approval. Will be explained in depth via live webcast on April .
Thanks
Great work with Stripe btw. Much needed.
Im told its looking positive &amp; we will be allowed to continue servicing our cars in Texas
Sentry Mode is barely at V1.0. Will improve a lot in coming months.
Impressive analysis
Only external cameras are being used right now, so internal is not enabled. When it is enabled, well add a setting to disable internal camera.
Also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through nd side windows &amp; rear window.
Its there for when we start competing with Uber/Lyft &amp; people allow their car to earn money for them as part of the Tesla shared autonomy fleet. In case someone messes up your car, you can check the video.
Will take care of it
Improvements coming soon
Yes, needs to drive best clear path. Lane lines are just one input.
Great name
Neural net is upgraded too in this release. Its not just a settings change.
Totally agree. Tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
Starhopper completed tethered hop. All systems green.
Glad you like it! Sorry about the trouble earlier. Helpful feedback for improving the car!
This is way more awesome than it might sound
Night mode default brightness is actually too high imo. Should be lower &amp; allow below current % level. Making that adjustment too.
Agreed
Night mode with % brightness is actually too dark during the day. This is ultimately our fault. We will update our software so that % brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
Change your screen preference from night mode to auto
Fur-curious
These rumors are untrue!
Responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! Weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
Axel F
Obv just someone in a suit. Also, very sus that a is reporting on this.
Dogecoin value may vary
Dogecoin rulz
Uh oh
Dogecoin might be my fav cryptocurrency. Its pretty cool.
Yup
Some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. Hopefully overcome soon.
What could possibly go wrong?
No
Youre so right. Working on it!
That car seemed so advanced when I watched that show as a kid! Knight Industries Two Thousand
And even tinier ones for tardigrades
Yes
Going forward, all Tesla stores will be tiny &amp; have tiny cars
Meant to say young, but spelled it wrong
Ironic stan
If can do this, what cant they do!?
Solid work by Keen, as usual
Norway
Yes
Yes
Seems fair
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter
Making The Onion articles real
Duck emoji FTW
Final edit was on Ableton
Surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. System would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective.
Jung
Weve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past months. Really looking fwd to getting Semi into production.
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars
Pre-Happy birthday!
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge Ive ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated.
Coming soon!
No
Wow
This might be my finest work
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
Im disappointed that my record label failed
Emo G Records
Instagram comments are coding in emojis
Also true
True
The quality of emojis varies wildly
Lame
C++ syntax sucks
Assert (Money == Series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. Primary purpose == Information system for allocation of human time. As automation++, value of money--);
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks!
Like the movie Us. Scary but also empathetic.
No, but for sure the other way around!
Also the intense low frequency vibrations that you cant hear, but you can feel in your chest
Were going to try. Side boosters come back to Cape, center core lands on droneship. Latter will be coming in v hot &amp; fast, so dicey.
Annoying that perpetuates myth that Delta IV Heavy or Atlas V can do some orbits that Falcon Heavy cant. This is absolutely false. FH would have to go full expendable for GEO direct, but thats very rare.
Yeah, Falcon Heavy Block has way more performance than last years vehicle. Lot of room to increase side booster load transfer &amp; max Q without changing any parts. FH Block can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying.
Probably no fairing either &amp; just Raptor Vacuum engines. Mass ratio of ~30 (1200 tons full, tons empty) with Isp of . Then drop a few dozen modified Starlink satellites from empty engine bays with ~1600 Isp, MR . Spread out, see whats there. Not impossible.
Retrofits will start when our software is able to take meaningful advantage of the Tesla FSD computer, which is an order of magnitude more capable. For now, its slightly disadvantageous to have Tesla FSD computer, as our software is more refined for HW2.
Anyone who bought FSD will get it
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward HW3 will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important.
Yes. Sensitive propulsion &amp; avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon .
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow.
We should send probes to outer solar system &amp; get high res, true color images of these strange things. Maybe theres an alien artifact out there
Super cool!
Good point
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate.
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability.
Exactly
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team!
No, it is one week either way.
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
lbs!? How puny. Do you construct childrens toys?
Thats exactly it. Youre no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day.
Good point
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it
Yes, otherwise propellant usage for an atmospheric entry would be very high and/or center of mass would need to be very tightly constrained. Yes, but were going to skip that at first to avoid fragging launch pads.
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon.
Thank you!
Will do
Ford has CEOs in years &amp; nobody blinks, but Tesla loses intern &amp; its front page news. I tell ya (shakes fist at sky)
Its possible to make a self-sustaining city on Mars by , if we start in years &amp; take orbital synchronizations
Youre most welcome! Glad to be helpful.
Only when Y is in production
Every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares
Import tariffs, VAT &amp; transport costs
To be clear, this doesnt affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.
To be precise, midnight on April , so effective April
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April
About to be upgraded to Chromium
Reset
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off
If someone has already won a Roadster from a prior program, theyre only eligible to win the signed Performance Y
Sounds like a good idea
How to win the boss fight in Sekiro
No, its cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero &amp; you cant win that prize again. Intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win.
WW
Agreed, you can only win each prize once
Youre welcome!
New Tesla referral program just released
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep &amp; wide
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too.
Jim Cramer explains short-seller market manipulation
Jim cant take the heat
Jim, no response?
Exactly
Best to get a Tesla Powerwall, so you can power your house &amp; also drive
Probably start Australia builds in late May or June &amp; start arriving in winter
Coming soon
Yes, full duration
White-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around Kelvin
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium &amp; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach or , moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment.
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
Only some of the hottest sections
Full size
We decided to skip building a new nosecone for Hopper. Dont need it. What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle.
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump &amp; combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship &amp; Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations.
Agreed
Raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. Were simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. Throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. Going to % would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed.
Started rolling it out a few days ago. Always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine &amp; stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely.
First (really short) hops with one engine. Suborbital flights with three.
Goes against interests of all Texans
Wow, this is crazy
If someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day , thats fine
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after youve had your Tesla for a week
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at .
Yes!
Definitely down the road, once construction &amp; upgrades arent so crazy
This causes some media confusion, as batch builds &amp; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month &amp; terrible following month, but consumer tastes dont actually vary so much. Massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules.
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations &amp; we try to build in batches to simplify production
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer
Model partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. If we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but thats a lot of complexity.
Exactly! In fact, better to have RWD with winter tires than AWD with summer tires. We appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy AWD, but it isnt critical for snowy regions.
Still get this question a lot, even though Norway has highest Tesla cars per person on (super appreciated!). Also, AWD is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice.
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle.
There was something, but no one caught it
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
Would love to be there this year. If not, definitely next! India
Yeah
Exactly!
London to Beijing Supercharger route
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car.
The hardest joke ever
With pie
Long-term, its about coupling the collective will of humanity to AI. Short-term, its about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems.
Next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. Youre right, its currently too low.
Checking into this
S3XY
OTA
Plug in a USB drive to record video
Comes with , which finishes validation this week
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year!
Yes
Our list prices are our actual prices. Software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate.
Sure, that would be great
Sure
Correct
Thats the plan
Of course
In retrospect, lower price shouldnt have been offered. Was done so because some simply couldnt afford it. Prices revert to normal on Monday.
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
We are still closing stores, just not as many as before. This basically splits the difference about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. Was discussed with exec team &amp; board.
When prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought dont want to write Tesla a check. So it goes.
Yes
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too
Applies worldwide
Yes
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model . Order online at before then for current prices.
Couldnt resolve all the rights issues. Will add another racing game soon.
Ok
Yeah, it might break
Software release later this week should make it better
True (sigh)
True
Probably right. Starship rate of progress far exceeds Falcon &amp; Dragon, although theyre critical to getting there. dInnovation/dt is what matters long-term.
For cargo missions, propulsive land landing should be no problem. Doesnt have same safety criticality as crew.
Pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
Most likely, but this is contingent upon NASA review &amp; approval
Best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
No
Dragon was designed to land using thrusters, with parachutes as backup. Switched to chutes as primary, due to difficulty of proving safety, but Dragon can still do it.
km/h
Raptor on way to Hopper. Will be mounted to vehicle next week.
NK-33 &amp; RD /180 are exceptional
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX! We have always admired your rocket/spacecraft technology.
Thank you on behalf of the people of SpaceX!
All good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
Phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version
Atmospheric entry at mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom.
Yes, invitations go out tomorrow
Getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays &amp; updated software with battery warmup results in &gt;2X improvement in fleet charge time
We will spend or months with public beta of V3 in North America, make sure there are no corner case issues &amp; then begin buildout worldwide.
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from kW to +kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of best case &amp; more than for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to % for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original Model S. Not splitting power across Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to %.
So true
Extremely important merch
Net power to warm pack is especially low when motors are running, as coolant loop routes motor heat to the pack when outside is cold (&amp; rejects motor heat to air when outside is warm)
Yes, but an engine shouldnt count until it flies
Ukraine did play a major role
Very little power &amp; only right before you get to the Supercharger. You wont notice it in range.
If you navigate to Supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
Russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great.
Thanks, that sounds great!
Youre most welcome. Very proud of Tesla team. Super tough years!
Oh stop, youll make me blush
Ok
Yeah, I lift a little
Tesla comms is fixing. That was a mistake.
So cute!
Buddy is like an Earth Pokmon
Gap in understanding is that $35k Model production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. Extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing S-curve.
Yes
No, just literally having toast &amp; jam while playing Jamming
Having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
Yes. Personally, Im most excited by the Tesla Truck. Maybe it will be too futuristic for most people, but I love it.
Yes, anyone will be able to take videos
I believe so
No, that unveil is later this year
Slightly higher drag * slightly higher frontal area affects air friction &amp; mass affects rolling resistance &amp; hill climb. Physics is the law.
Normal
Yes
Detailed specs &amp; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Model Y, being an SUV, is about % bigger than Model , so will cost about % more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
Model Y unveil event on March at LA Design Studio
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed pm
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International
Yes, she would be able to breathe
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on solar arrays.
One day we will be there to see for ourselves
F
Something like this could work
Everyone knows Earth is hollow
I am not a dog. Heres a pic of me:
Model S will be raised to mph too
Thank you. May you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. Also, thank you to , without whom this would not be possible.
Power will increase on all cars. Top speed on P increases to mph. Range on RWD increases to miles.
Yes, new cars and existing fleet
Firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% &amp; top speed by km/h or mph
Spoiler alert: not Porsche
Thank you on behalf of the many people of SpaceX
Lightning bolt right before launch
Earth floats gently in zero gravity
SpaceX Crew Dragon recap
Need to get back to SpaceX launch control. Sorry this solution isnt perfect.
Were trying to make EVs &amp; autonomy more affordable over time. This is the right thing to do. However, we cannot then also retroactively make earlier buyers whole without killing the company.
Will take a few days for system update
Yeah, we need a few days to update the system. If anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
Its not exactly symmetric, but it will come with HW3 upgrade long-term
If you bought enhanced autopilot, FSD upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
If you bought a Tesla before yesterdays price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less)
He is the sensor!
Nope, hes going to float around in zero gravity
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch!
Happy birthday!
Yeah, just use a dryer outlet. High power, easy to install &amp; low cost.
Explanation from Tesla later today
Yes
Haha
Ripley
Base Model available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia to months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be % or more above US number.
Exactly
No reductions from here
For sure. It fundamentally improves quality of life.
Best choice for most people is standard range plus with Autopilot
Exact Tesla Model in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives &amp; takes minute to buy online at
I think we should do something here. Will talk with team &amp; send out a note in next few days.
Should be ~5% peak power increase with March software release
Scheduled for March release, along with many other improvements
Everyone who bought Enhanced Autopilot will get Navigate on Autopilot on highways, advanced summon &amp; autopark
I was being too obvious
Make the Mars Technocracy real
Yay!
ET phone home. No answer
Some Tesla news
Haha
Yes
Stop censoring science!
Because it costs $2500 to transport to east coast &amp; everyone pays same
California
Thursday pm
Rest of SpaceX propulsion still very active, so only ~50 full-time equivalent people right now. That will grow a lot as we enter production. Its X harder (at least) to design engine production system than engine. In automotive, X harder.
Maybe active in a month or so. Focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
Yes, exciting potential
Exactly
Printers are too small. Also, high pressure, high efficiency engines need copper cooling channels with an inco/steel jacket. Cant print yet.
Exactly. This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight.
Tom did an awesome job leading Merlin, Kestrel, Draco &amp; other engine developments from start through that were critical to SpaceXs success. Great respect &amp; appreciation!
Thank you Evelyn, I loved it
Indeed. I have great respect for judges. Its not perfect, but, in general, we should be very glad of the US justice system.
SEC forgot to read Tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states k to k. How embarrassing
Oh hi lol
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Meetings are a valuable use of time!
Theres a in my
Respawn++
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith
Haha true
Its designed to be way better. Well see what reality has to say about that.
Yes, lot of risk
Guys, I have feelings
Focusing on Starship instead
Deorbits &amp; burns up over the Pacific
Upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of Merlin. It will get fragged for sure by aero loads &amp; Dragon abort thrusters.
Including Heavy, which is cores, around or so
Depends on when Crew Dragon comes back. Thats scheduled for launch next Saturday, but lot of new hardware, so time error bars are big.
High probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by Dragon supersonic abort test. Otherwise, at least or missions for Falcon . Starship will take over before the F9 fleet reaches end of life.
Crew Dragon high altitude abort test
Yes
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April.
Always liked Kestrel. It was the Robin Hood of engines.
Advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. Once we have a city on Mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
SN2 has changes that should help
To the first part. I doubt wed create a Dyson ring or sphere.
Yes
Merlins. The max chamber pressure run damaged Raptor SN (as expected). A lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with SN , which is almost done.
Anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. No need though. We have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
Exactly. Super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
You can see the streaks on the vacuum Merlin nozzle in flight videos
Pinter injector tends to have hot &amp; cold streaks. Hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
Essentially, yes. Great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on Mars.
We are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
Yeah, that was a bit embarrassing High engine chamber pressure and ablative dont get along. Ok for low pressure, expendable upper stage.
Thats true Merlin A was terrible. C was ok, D good, but block Merlin (should probably be called E) is something special. Took about years to get there.
Actually, they received (and still receive) almost a billion dollars a year for launch capability. Even if they do zero launches, US govt still gives them that.
Dont know
SpaceX commercial launch market share went from % in to % in . Despite massive subsidies to Boeing/Lockeed, they have never won a fair competition against SpaceX for several years.
Exactly. Thats the critical point for Starship/BFR: more payload than the biggest rocket ever made, but for less money per launch than the smallest (orbital) rocket. Without something that lowers orbital flight cost by X, humanity will never be a multiplanet species.
SpaceX Merlin architecture is simpler than staged combustion (eg SSME or RD), but it has world record for thrust/weight &amp; thrust/cost engine. Raptor has better Isp, but Im worried it may fall short on those two critical metrics.
So true John Clarke
Not true. Limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure &amp; temperature in oxygen preburner
Whoever owns the early BTC deserves a Nobel prize in delayed gratification
That said, I still only own BTC, which a friend sent me several years ago. Dont have any crypto holdings.
I have been chief engineer/designer at SpaceX from day . Had I been better, our first launches might have succeeded, but I learned from those mistakes.
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of probably around k, ie k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about k.
Wont be long before they do
Tesla made cars in , but will make around k in
Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe
The gritty truth
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from
Agreed. Also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
Pics are so clear in space!
That last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
Also, Tesla was competing for some of same people as OpenAI &amp; I didnt agree with some of what OpenAI team wanted to do. Add that all up &amp; it was just better to part ways on good terms.
I had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering &amp; manufacturing problems at Tesla (especially) &amp; SpaceX
To clarify, Ive not been involved closely with OpenAI for over a year &amp; dont have mgmt or board oversight
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel
It will soon
Yes, Autopilot max speed is mph above speed limit off highway or mph on highway
Of course I still love you
This is in addition to existing Cabin Overheat Protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
Yes
It will start out slow to make sure there are no corner case issues and then, if that looks good, speed up next week. We def need to add a Request Latest Update feature!
Updating
Wow,
CNBC - Tesla Model ranked most satisfying car
True, that headline is not exactly going to win a Pulitzer for originality
Probably a month or two. Sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
Some sites maintained an almost daily Tesla deathwatch years ago, reporting with an awful delight. days later
Tesla Model X first SUV to receive a perfect crash test rating via
Bet the other carmakers didnt see that one coming haha
Yeah, but simpler. Needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
Starship &amp; Super Heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version . Very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on Falcon, even though liquid oxygen is /3 vehicle mass &amp; helium weighs basically nothing.
Luke, I am your farter.
Thanks Jack, Twitter rocks!
To air is human
Agreed
Sorry Had a vital mission in Norway Now I am back
True
Moon first, Mars as soon as the planets align
On my bedside table
A biography on Korolev has center place in my study
Just planning on keeping the public informed about progress &amp; setbacks. Will be some RUDs along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
The goodwill of the public is critical to Starships success
At least X cheaper
Very dependent on volume, but Im confident moving to Mars (return ticket is free) will one day cost less than $500k &amp; maybe even below $100k. Low enough that most people in advanced economies could sell their home on Earth &amp; move to Mars if they want.
Yes
This will sound implausible, but I think theres a path to build Starship / Super Heavy for less than Falcon
Close
But not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. Nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
Much above bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of to + bar. Definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
Propellant was not deep cryo. CH4 &amp; O2 were just barely below liquid temp at bar. In theory, Raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. However, only bar is needed for nominal operation of Starship/Super Heavy.
Yes, aiming for sec Isp with vac nozzle. Maybe if we get lucky.
I think where we lit main chamber &amp; several with only preburners
About secs
Definitely! Its amazing that the RD-170 &amp; RD-180 engines held the record for so many decades. Excellent engineering.
Raptor reached bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by engine/test team!
I was simply too sexy for it
Maybe tomorrow
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam &amp; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model s on their way to owners in Europe!
Hope they dont find this pic!
thank goodness its not November
a
I want you too baby
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for mins &amp; secs
Booster center of mass is much lower &amp; more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
Technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). T^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
Rocket booster temperatures wont go much above Kelvin on hottest parts of main body &amp; maybe around K on base, which uncooled steel can handle. Starship is around K for a Mach entry, so needs shielding of some kind.
Prob wise for version to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
Welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. To the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
The Super Heavy booster is only needed on Earth, so think of this as just Starship &amp; sometimes it needs a boost, hence Super Heavy
SpaceX Engineering
Telekinesis
Vaporized some copper
Sentry Mode (and Dog Mode) roll out next week
Design requires at least metric tons of force. Engine reached mT &amp; bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means % to % more with deep cryo.
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship &amp; Super Heavy
Sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through Zeebrugge first time. Cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
Were doing everything we can to get there. Its a super hard grind.
Exactly. Both prices are shown right next to each other &amp; lower price is *actually* the real apples to apples cost vs a fuel car. In fact, for many states in the US, its way better.
VAT of ~20% &amp; import duties of ~10% usually result in a % higher cost in Europe
Mach Diamonds
Glad you like it
Spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners &amp; main chamber
Gaseous CH4/O2 &amp; heavy duty spark plugs. Basically, a of insane power
Will do, although SpaceX reddit is very well-informed. Really impressive analysis by some commenters.
Engine use methox torch igniters. Green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by team!!
We will when it rolls out
Yes
At Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine
soon
Only a matter of time
That might be the ultimate superpower
How Model performs on a long road trip
Im openly moderate. There, I said it.
Haha how is this even real?
No, payload will actually increase
Exactly
I do like nonsense memes. Its true.
Yes
Next few days
looks like sentient choc ice cream
Just bought oh yeah
Whoa cool
No plans to do so. Would recommend Model S.
logarithms
Dammit!
Well tweak the alloy over time, so it wont exactly be , but close
Well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where I mistakenly thought I was smart
Rocket mass ratio is about the same for aluminum-lithium vs stainless full hard at cryo, but latter costs way less, is tougher &amp; doesnt even need paint!
Still up to . Will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
Mostly true
Cold gas thrusters only. Will use body flaps &amp; main engines for landing orientation, so wont need high thrust reaction control. Simplifies things considerably.
Yes
Initially making one metric ton thrust engine common across ship &amp; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) &amp; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at Texas
Yes. Its very rare to find all three.
To be clear, Im confident that a stainless steel ship will be lighter than advanced aluminum or carbon fiber, because of strength to weight vs temperature &amp; reduced need for heat shielding
Will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like F9
Yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide Mach regime &amp; angle of attack
Absolutely. Youve touched on a very important point. The ship must be easy to repair on the moon and Mars.
And Tesla Gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
About orbit synch windows, which are every months, so self-sufficiency around
All our patent are belong to you
Our true competition is not the small trickle of non-Tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the worlds factories every day
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; its happening!
Tasty food!
Its designed for people on a Mars journey
Super appreciate Deepaks year history building Tesla &amp; wish him greatest of happiness in retirement! Zach has been outstanding over his year history with Tesla &amp; will build upon Deepaks legacy.
Sure, which ones?
Youre most welcome! Very thoughtful questions.
Max Tegmark is great
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse
guys standing on roof of skyscraper. st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. He jumps off &amp; is blown back on roof. nd guy tries &amp; goes splat. rd guy: that was a dirty trick Superman.
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey
Entropy is the ultimate boss battle
Haha
tbh smh
Haha true
SpaceX documentary actual footage
All we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!!
Sure hope that happens
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf &amp; Gadget. So much has happened since then
We are so tiny
You drive a hard bargain, but ok
Host meme review?
Its an honor, sir! Thanks for owning a Tesla.
Tap Tesla logo at top of your cars touchscreen &amp; wait secs to open special features box
Still my favorite tweet of all time
Ok, well throw that in too
But, occasionally, the metal version
Haha
Tesla Sentry Mode will play Bachs Toccata and Fugue during a robbery (and keep Summer safe)
All doors unlock automatically when the Tesla comes to a stop after an accident. There is both primary &amp; backup power to doors, brakes, steering &amp; airbags.
Cool that this is happening on many fronts. Looks like a good design by .
Yeah, worked on my cousins farm for six weeks around my th birthday. I was so kewl.
Many cold weather improvements coming via OTA software
So tempting
Its like looking in a mirror!
That would be so cool!
Yes, and my grandfather was from Minnesota with some Scandinavian/German background. Got to hand it to Norway. Thats a great sculpture!
Awesome moose sculpture!
Rough beta in to weeks
Feature has now been in place for months
These are industrial strength. Not recommended for use at home!
Testing metallic heat shield at C (2000F)
Sure. Also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
The youth love em
If test flight of goes well next month, will to this summer!
Actual tanks are fine
~1750K is peak heating expected on about % of Starship for LEO entry, ~1600K on %. Rest drops below K, so no heat shield needed. Radiative cooling at T^4 takes care of % of the ship. Another reason for steel.
I just heard. mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night &amp; fairing was blown over. Will take a few weeks to repair.
S stainless is better for high temp outer skin, as it can take ~1450 Kelvin, so active cooling with cryogenic fuel only has to mitigate degrees of delta temp
Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved.
Since its part of safety &amp; security, all cars with AP2+ hardware will get it
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot
Yes. Also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze &amp; block cooling channels.
Coming soon. Lots of unique road markings &amp; signs in each country.
When going to ~1750 Kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
untrue
Roughly to minutes for light to travel from Earth to Mars
Director of CERN asked me about Boring Co building the new LHC tunnel when we were at the . Would probably save several billon Euros.
Yes
Blood moon over LA tonight ()
The zooms around the world about every mins
Tesla is the safest car according to US govt testing
I wish them well. Track record in auto startups is tough. Thousands of US auto startups, but only Ford &amp; Tesla have avoided bankruptcy. A similar scenario is likely in all countries.
Wow
Yup
Thanks, good idea!
Yes, ending on Feb . Its adding too much cost to the cars, especially Model .
Order must occur before Feb
No, the whole referral incentive system will end
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb . If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla &amp; give them months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
I think some of them should combine forces. Talent is spread too thin.
Dragon was originally designed to land with thrusters, but its not the right architecture for heavy transport to the moon or Mars, so we decided not to qualify it for thruster landings
How many electric vehicle startups are there? Seems like a lot.
Teslarati is very thoughtful &amp; well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by SpaceX
The LA Times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on SpaceX &amp; Tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
The source info is incorrect. Starship &amp; Raptor development is being done out of our HQ in Hawthorne, CA. We are building the Starship prototypes locally at our launch site in Texas, as their size makes them very difficult to transport.
Haha youre welcome! Hope youre doing well.
About $15M/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750M plus maybe $50M/station
Glad you like it
Yes
LA is so beautiful after the rain
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from viewport
Falcon comes home
We are not yet offering the mid range Model in Europe
Which country? There is a % import duty, ~20% VAT (US prices dont include sales tax) and about $2000 in extra shipping cost, but it shouldnt add up to $25k.
View of SpaceX Dragon berthed with in the last Cupola opening. Dragon (Crew Dragon) launching soon.
Ok
Obv must be more pointy tho
It needed to be made real
Haha
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon Hopper
Body/tank diameter is m or about ft
Should be done with first orbital prototype around June
Yes
Yes
Yes
This is for suborbital VTOL tests. Orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (wont wrinkle) &amp; a smoothly curving nose section.
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering.
Yes
Getting some regulatory pushback. May not be available in all regions.
Going through final validation &amp; regulatory approval. Probably releases to early access program owners in a few weeks. Its trippy!
Yes
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements
Def not
Yes
Starting on Monday, Tesla will no longer be taking orders for the kWh version of the Model S &amp; X. If youd like that version, please order by Sunday night at
Good idea
Its an option
Vertically or horizontally?
No problem
Plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
I dont think the law fully anticipated this situation. So probably yes for a while.
Im not. Will use SpaceX cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the rear seats.
It will be
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason
The new Roadster will actually do something like this
And now we dance!
Great thread
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of /Y for greater China. All Model S/X &amp; higher cost versions of Model /Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
Shanghai Giga output is just for greater China, not North America. Affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
Shanghai Giga production of Model /Y will serve greater China region
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
Looking forward to breaking ground on the Shanghai Gigafactory today!
Good sign that almost no Model owners want to sell their cars!
Yes, will be extremely intense. Early flights are especially dangerous, as theres a lot of new hardware.
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Falcon on launch pad with Crew Dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway
Spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. We used that for the Hyperloop vacuum tunnel. However, Starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
Exactly
Its all in the way you say it
Matt DeBord reviews all Tesla models via
I do love Tintin
More on this in a few months
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc.
Aiming for weeks, which probably means weeks, due to unforeseen issues
Good shot of Starship flight test vehicle being assembled in Boca Chica, Texas
Engines currently on Starship hopper are a blend of Raptor development &amp; operational parts. First hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in California. Probably fires next month.
Haha
Not yet
Thats a reasonable question
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon
Probably
Thats what I heard
Life is made of ups &amp; downs
Appears to be simulations all the way down
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
Wutf
What you think I do
Ok
srsly
To a dyslexic agnostic, there is no
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
There are no coincidences
Model mid-range EPA rating is actually miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of
Checking
Reveals wheels?
Weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
Btw, I like your gaming equipment
Sounds great, will connect you with Tesla Energy
Singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery &amp; be energy-independent
Yes, support of the Chinese government is very much appreciated
Govt has been unwelcome
Congratulations!
Great work by Tesla Team!
Congratulations team!!
Thanks!
Haha
Haha
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Good summary of Tesla progress in by (due to Tesla team, not me though) via
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
Ok
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Exactly
Yes
Probability at % &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
Congratulations
Coming soon
Yes
Got it
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville &amp; across Mexico.
Yep
Yes
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to % of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
Ok
Wow!
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!!
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Sigh
Yes
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Glad youre ok!
Starship will look like liquid silver
Haha
Maybe
Much less
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Yes! People are almost always surprised to learn that Earths gravitational reach is infinite. Zero gravity is achieved by zooming around Earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time.
Engineering is true magic
Yezzz
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Thanks!
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons &amp; Mars.
Coldformed at cryo
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
Exactly
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
Yes
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel &amp; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
Coming soon
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Only if Dawkins joins
Interesting
Bajirao Mastani
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Yes
Haha
Namaste
Needs a warmup
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
Ok
Autopilot doesnt need the guide wheels. Theyre only there if there is a complete system failure. Turns will definitely be banked in future.
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
Exactly
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; I think theyre right. Might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. So long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
Precisely
Presentation starting at :15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
Actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Yes
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Yeah, I wrote that back in , almost years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. It takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla!
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Tis
Medieval Futurism
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Thanks!
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
Congratulations!
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
You got it
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
Zero Suit
God Fire
ramen is sooo good
Exactly
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
About to days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
No need to wait. Its super easy to swap the HW2 and HW3 computers. Sensors are the same.
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Yes
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
Probably next month
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
Probably end of next year
So true
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Machete!!
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car -2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldnt exist or would have started much later.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe &amp; later China.
Buying took over a decade, $11M &amp; amazing amount of effort. Didnt like even when we were only making .
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Yes
Interesting
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
As far as we know, its the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. Major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Us too sigh
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
satellites on this flight!
Were adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the Tesla neural net in coming months
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Youre all hired!
Yes no maybe
None shall pass!
Ok
Good advice
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
Glad youre ok
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
You got it!
Three things, one of which is CH4
No
No
Reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. Cant wipe it off.
Haha
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
True
Both
Your Tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
One day
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
Update soon
Sorry
Boring breakthrough
Definitely
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
That would be cool
Haha kinda true
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Yes
This is completely backwards. Based on what weve learned from the Hawthorne test tunnel, were moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under LA. Wont need a second test tunnel under Sepulveda.
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Tiny wizard
to years
Engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Touch
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Not yet
trouble
Earth is
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Signing off for a while
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Starships were meant to fly
Starship Tooters
Good one
Good idea
Coming soon
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
Later versions will
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Renaming BFR to Starship
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
Yes
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
No, its got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original Roadster. Still, it would probably only save about % to % of effort, all things considered.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Lot on our plate, so its either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from Daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. Not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. Priority list is Model Y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, Roadster.
Ok
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Absolutely agree
Investigating
Probably mid
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service &amp; lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA &amp; USAF are supportive.
Radical change
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Missed miku concert sigh
Listening to Better Now
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
Haha
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
While (!castle) {brick++};
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Fortnite irl
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
We have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains dont leave often.
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Yes
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Easily accessible energy
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Yes
Will try again next month
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Is he ok?
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for grant money. They earn vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
That is true &amp; should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Good, but not hospital grade. S &amp; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Cool
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield &amp; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
But comments are
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec . Runs parallel to freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to .
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Zeroth Law
Foundation of psychohistory
I am not
True
B or !2B
Love Oumuamua jokes
Remember the future
Oh hi guys lol
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
So underappreciated
Ok
Ok
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
What is love?
Bikini Bottom
Fair
Yes, that is how
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Wow thats cool!
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Haha
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Yes
Definitely
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa &amp; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China &amp; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California &amp; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob to weeks
v true
cute
Haha
Bring Me the Horizon
Aiming for next week
Norway
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas &amp; East Coast in st half of quarter
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
Um yes
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say whos the pet now
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid &amp; park.
Cool haha
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Dont worry, well make it right
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Isnt it obvious?
Worth it
True
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
Haha
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Lacks scale
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Exactly
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
Glad youre ok
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
Good question
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
I wish
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes Zorbix
Sir, I would never
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
Making progress
I said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Its pretty hot
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Ok
Fire and Ice
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Love the Concorde
Bound to happen
Yes
Time
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
Midnight
My twitter feed rn
Then the hell with science!
Not moths tho
Send me ur dankest memes!!
in
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model was product alone.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Same
Howd they know!?
Around mid
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Working on it
That is correct
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Wanna buy some Bitcoin?
And I own a chibi Wolverine
ianime
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get days to return for refund, else day
Former
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
Good point
Interesting
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Under LA (Hawthorne)
mph | km/h
Opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
Pretty close, actually
I think real
Opens Dec
The first tunnel is almost done
N00B!
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Good idea!
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Coming soon
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Digital Style!
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Exactly
Coming
Yes
Reality is hard
Online doesnt count
Coming soon
No
Thats next
Had to been done ur welcome
I hope this is true!
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model &amp; super simple new order page
Week or two
Love the Reddit comments too
Dog saves her puppies
y
Youll see
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Special Circumstances
Yes
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Insightful article by David
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I believe its $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between % &amp; %
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU &amp; better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
Model motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Yes
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
It is time to create a mecha
NERV
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Love Your Name
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
Towelie
Good idea!
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Yes
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Visual approximation
Teslaquila coming soon
Glad youre safe
Beautiful picture
Yes, its hard to find. Not sure why.
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
This is incorrect
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Studebaker Museum in South Bend
Punctuality is not my strong suit
Wed be nothing without our fans
Because is obviously louder than
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
It sure does. Very reliable.
You are right
A reminder of why its important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Warms my
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
(Credit )
Falcon has landed
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
What city &amp; what Model config?
My fav character
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Yes
Yes, but in that were creating a generalized autonomy solution. Must work in millions of strange situations.
Blade Runner Esper Edition Vangelis
Actually, its of forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. External cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
Fair point
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Only if theyre extremely tiny
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
Rococo Basilisk is
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
The big funds can &amp; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
This is amazing
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
True
Sorry about the typo. That was unforgivable. Why would they be upset about their mission? Its what they do.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Great verdict
Could be worse
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Naughty by Nature
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
That was intense
i
!! Will take action.
And remember
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Tesla Owners
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Tricky one
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Probably for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
Haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Wow, glad theyre ok!
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Tesla Rangers!
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Yes
True
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
Will do. Love Reddit.
Space Bar
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Very close
Always
Yes
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Very interesting
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Yes, I do
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
With lasers
My fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Ok
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Forward moving wing
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Awesome
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Yes
Yeah, thats our problem. Service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes &amp; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
True
"Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. """
Hi Dustin!
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in + years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Wut?
Haha
Intentionally so
Electric cars made with sunlight
Yes
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
Thoughtful feedback
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Looks cool
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
is about the right cell size, but I dont recommend copying our current module design. Far too difficult to manufacture.
Like sands through the hourglass
types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont
Will do soon, as promised
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
I am a business magnet
Good times with
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Tesla st, nd &amp; rd in August sales
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
Sorry, weve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. If need be, were repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. Got to be done.
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
V cool
So you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is .
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Its coming, I swear
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Sure
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
Most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. Now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Maybe
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Whats cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Its almost done
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
This is actually real
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids &amp; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Ok
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
So many saved drafts. So so many.
Im dying to
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good &amp; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
Coming soon
Definitely
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Didnt like it
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Excession
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Version
Ford &amp; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Great meeting you!
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen &amp; company. Our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
Model review by Unbox ... via
Missile Command &amp; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Blue too
Hex nostalgia
e f f d f e
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &amp; Katz and Munger, Tolles &amp; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Model traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
Great Q&amp;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model &amp; bringing Y to market
He was amazing
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Busted
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
Of course
Unis3x
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
S3XY
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
Awesome
Love this from P&amp: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Yes
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every months or so (like SpaceX)
No change
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares &amp; go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Yes
I dont have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Good morning
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Maybe Thursday
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Yes
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
Early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless youre prepared to have something go wrong
Tesla Autopilot Team
Everywhere
Much more interesting
Games &amp; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X &amp; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S &amp; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Glad youre enjoying Model &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0.
Yup
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
The humans
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Very tiny
Performance Model review by
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Still as true today as it was years ago
Squirrels
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Definitely
Bioshock is amazing
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Cool idea!
Good idea &amp; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Yup
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Science
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert &amp; raise you a Chris McKay
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
We should be really worried about this
No
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
Were adding a party &amp; camper mode soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. Great background.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Yes, minifloats
Yes
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
-bit floating point?
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Yes
The future is accelerating
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
This is great.
Thanks Phil
Machines that go ping
Whats technology?
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Wagnerian
Yes
Mtor Trnd
Great!
Weve gone from ~1000 S/X deliveries per week in US last year to ~6000 S/3/X. Its like hitting a square wave.
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here &amp; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Haha
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Wall Street
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
Yes, Tesla Model S, X &amp; all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
Ok
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Hes a good guy
Always look on the bright side of life
It is much better
Sorry
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Dont make me bite my thumb at you
For sure
Btw, is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
No kidding
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago &amp; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
This chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not US government missions. Other US refers to Boeing &amp; Lockheed. Their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
I wish
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
Good point
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about % of what I donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone.
Actually true
Hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely &amp; smell first. Ur welcome.
Lvl Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yes
Wizard alien
Yeah, but I got gp &amp; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
Interesting read
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Performance version suspension is cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Would love to. Its been too long.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
Sure
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
So true
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sounds good
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Damn, now I want donuts
Yeah
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Great move
Why sir
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Good point
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Well it looked smaller on paper
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Should be very soon. Weve already made around Model Performance cars for test drives in stores.
Exactly
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Already have
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
The former Thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as rescue chief) is not the subject matter expert. That would be Dick Stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. This is our direct correspondence:
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
Ok
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Thanks, but weve not done anything useful yet. It is all other people.
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is cm
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
It is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Python
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Turbo
C
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
Yes
Yes
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
Yes
handles/hitch points on front &amp; on rear. air tank connections on front &amp; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Ground winds would
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Cant be too buoyant
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Good idea
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Interesting
Great, thanks
Inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand &amp; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water wont come in
Does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX &amp; Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd &amp; rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
Maybe worth trying: insert a m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you &amp; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
I didnt ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots dont work for me. They just dont like hypocrites.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos &amp; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Are you % certain that stands by &amp; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
True
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
What a coincidence
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. , I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Happy to support
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Belfast is beautiful
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set &amp; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
I suspect that the Thai govt has this under control, but Im happy to help if there is a way to do so
You never know ..
Loona
Ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
Noted
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Whoop whoop
The Spice Flows
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Sure
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
cars, days Tesla Team
Then whats this wand for?
Who likes short shorts?
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Excession
Engineering is magic
Love Awesomo
Space Laser
Spacebow
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow.
Open the Knaack HAL
obv
the money
Follow the
Busted. Its me.
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks Bill
Paint shop
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more &amp; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We didnt steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, We didnt benefit from it, We dont want it, And we still offered to pay for it. You are a jackass.
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Bronco rocks
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
For sure
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Youre welcome!
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
That goes without saying
lb towing capacity
It will
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically &amp; have degree cameras &amp; sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Virtue signaling is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
We must aspire to truth
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
True
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
This Washington Post article seems good
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
This doesnt take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). This is why Tesla.
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old &amp; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
Good news coming soon
Yes
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Life is good
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
So strange
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Its real
Thanks!
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum &amp; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Road, Hawthorne
.sus
haha
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
So big you cant believe it
srsly
Vicious torque
Tesla factory rn
Good catch!
Exactly
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Thanks
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Its called Top Secret
Yes
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Sure
Congratulations!
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Dune. The spice must flow.
We power the press in . Ironic.
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Exactly
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of % seems about right. Below % is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above % too negatively affects economic output.
Cool video
Thank you for helping those in need
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Yup
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Original Star Wars
Hahaha
Die frhliche Wissenschaft und Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu Behalten
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are they?
Where are you going to march?
That seems unlikely
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
I am one of the top donors to
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
I think so
I hope the kids are ok
Shelter
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
They look beautiful
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga &amp; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
No
Needed another general assembly line to reach k/week Model production. A new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in weeks. Tesla team kfa!! Gah, love them so much
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Your union brothers
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Thanks, good advice
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks &amp; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla &amp; me via rd parties.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it &amp; attacked me personally
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years &amp; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford &amp; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Engels wrote nd &amp; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldnt care less.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Iron pyrite
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Youre just a troll/bot, but I will reply anyway. I arrived in Montreal at by myself with $2k. No support, no contacts, nothing. Father said Id fail &amp; be back in months.
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
You think all companies are bad and all unions good? Thats a very bigoted position.
Well said
Then youll be fine
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesnt work. UAW and Wall Street shorts know every detail of whats happening at Tesla. Storm clouds are gathering, so theyre getting desperate.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash Tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. Such creeps.
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
Iain certainly wasnt pro-union in the Culture books. At all. And wouldnt be in the case of Tesla. Banks was about freedom through &amp; through. Maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), I would be too, but thats a special case.
SX &amp; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Love you too
Fair point
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldnt resist)
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd &amp; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Ok
The enemy of my enemy is myself
Exactly
Libertinarian
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I disagree with that goal &amp; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
lol
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Yes
Sigh
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Lake Show
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
No
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
A socialist
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
What is yours?
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
I always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of Green Eggs &amp; Ham
Foundation Series &amp; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks &amp; George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. Its pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
My donations are anonymous
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dankonia
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; were never going to make them again.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
Not recommended for urban environments
Yes
The actual amount of time I spend on Twitter is tiny. My tweets are literally what Im thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
Add an R for Roadster
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
Will do
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU &amp; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
years ago, when my st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly
Terms &amp; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
Yes
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Coming soon
I think so
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
First Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today!
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on % renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Definitely. Will also have Augmented Mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. Like a flying metal suit, but in car form
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S &amp; X w HW2 Autopilot &amp; all Model cars.
Working on improving
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Tip of the day
Coming soon
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little
Good morning, Sonic. Not sure how to break it to you, but
We have about projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Definitely
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Next year
Twitter is so dark
No no
That is horrifying
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The future
Exactly!
I was an alien
Usually, they dont even realize it. All they know is that some PR agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. That is the true nature of the corruption. It is rare that US media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
Actually true!
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everythings just fine
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Glad youre ok!
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Mid for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model should be second best in world after Model S/X. Still super good, but we went a little on S/X.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
Model S &amp; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
Do it
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Natrlich
Definitely
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Finders keepers
Hi !
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Hell of a week
Just for perspective
True, no one is perfect
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
Ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
Prob
Yes
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
Pneumatic means propelled by air. Opposite of Hyperloop.
Braking &amp; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
Yeah, absolutely
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
Like you guys too
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design &amp; SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Peace
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science &amp; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Exactly
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Yeah
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Yes
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
You have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Good school
Had a great time with my kids
Yes
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Thanks
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Youre missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Yup, deleted
? It should
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky tires.
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
Keyword future
Will do another rev before final design
I was
Thats what I had in mind
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Its not
Thats a great song!
Sometimes when I have hurt feelings, I play this song
No, thats the other guy
So true
Because Twitter is fun
USAToday FTW!
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
But femtotech is the future
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that dumb public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh...
A Tesla has a usable reserve of to miles range even after the battery reads empty. This will not hurt the pack.
Pretty good. TinTin A &amp; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
Its cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening
Gwynne has been prez of SpaceX for years &amp; well-deserved
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe &amp; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Worth a shot
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
The Tesla facility is open plan &amp; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
No
Nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law &amp; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
Done
Have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Be careful what you wish for
Amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll
My point exactly
Ahem, you have nano in your bio. That is % synonymous with bs.
Reddit is great
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product &amp; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Gasoline or diesel?
What car do you drive?
March
The media
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Definitely
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Yo
Thats the basic idea
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
If youre in media &amp; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
Ive never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. UAW abandoned this factory. Tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. They havent forgotten UAW betrayed them. Thats why UAW cant even get people to attend a free BBQ, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
Of course
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
No, theyre just some rich kids in Berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
Will do
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Thats why editors are included too
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Even if some of the public doesnt care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
Exactly
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis &amp; Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
Thanks. Not super fun right now
Busted
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Great idea!
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM &amp; Chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago &amp; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote &amp; find out.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM &amp; Chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over &amp; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Good point
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of class lords &amp; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, &amp; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler &amp; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
No problem
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
I didnt meet with him
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Have been meaning to get around to talking to him. Some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasnt fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
ABS calibration algorithm
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Stop, youre making me blush
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Very strange. Model is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money &amp; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla &amp; live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
Exactly ! That will be really fun &amp; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
Yes
Exactly
They can form a union whenever they want &amp; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
They are correct. Its awesome. Second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from Model S. Traction control precision is super tight.
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Good idea ...
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; dont get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec &amp; top speed to mph.
Black &amp; white interior available only for Model Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
Exactly
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
Im about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
AC induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed &amp; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
He taunts us with his speed
Just an ordinary snail
His name is Gary &amp; hes a snail
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
lol
Listening to REALiTi
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Yes
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Yes
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Lovely story
If someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. I would gladly obey their instructions, but I cant figure them out.
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over &amp; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
Good piece by Ars
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Yo
Will make that a setting
Fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, hours a day, days a week
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla &amp; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Launching in ~4 mins
AWD &amp; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD &amp; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
A cool thing about the design is thats easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S &amp; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X &amp; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter
So rococo
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Stole it
We sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Hi Danielle!
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
Thats a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Prob iTunes, but whatever works u is fine. Most people dont buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. Mostly about touring.
Flesh without Blood &amp; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Love Powerglide too
Yes
Rococo basilisk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
(Sigh) I do like Ty, but shes a friend. We are not dating.
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. Its actually true.
Im killin me lol
lol
Hi Sarah
Then Im going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Cryptocandy
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
What do you think were living in?
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
Im starting a candy company &amp; its going to be amazing
This will be bigger
I try so hard to help them
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
New Roadster will have that
Yes, definitely not
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Yup
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S &amp; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Exactly
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp; X are producing major positive cash flow &amp; Model is about to do same.
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Youre most welcome
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place &amp; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
Woke Frisbee
La la la
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Ars Technica
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Ok
Thats how I use my eyebrows too
I have prehensile eyebrows
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Dont make me use my space lasers
I know such an underserved market
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex &amp; Psycho on playlist
Mostly not
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working /7 to activate several hundred more.
Russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Doing our best
Now
Driving a Model and playing
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
We already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in Pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesnt become a dead satellite. Need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like Mr Steven.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Too wasted to remember
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in Q3 &amp; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Maybe a little
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
I love trolls
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Place your bets
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
How many views?
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Free viewing ends in about hours
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Similar timing
So probably July
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
The cat videos are awesome
at M views after hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Exactly
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
This is false
Oh, its on
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven
What about this?
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
As you wish
Its the best
"Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by ""Teslaquilla"" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!"
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Important news in a few hours
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
Everythings better with fire
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Tru drat
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel &amp; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
And they said Id never be a rock star
Yes
Uhh, its literally made of rock
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Prob May
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Shocker
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Youll live
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB &amp; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Ok
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Literally never seen it even once
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Whats Facebook?
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
Umm...yes
Yes
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sorry
Model X pulls a lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
Thanks!
Sounds like this canton has style!
Ok
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Better to be in the Model X
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Petra and Mars
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel &amp; Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
Yes
Good point
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Resist
Thinkularity
Thud!
Great idea!
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
On the Westworld set with my bro
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
No, its not
None of the above
Tunnels
Because blue
I guess you could say its a mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. So, yes, a bus.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Definitely
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. Its a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone cant afford a car, they should go first.
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Heavy sigh
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US &amp; China should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Depends on what you mean by doom
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Almost done
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
And New York
And we are even worse than that in California
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
About a month
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon as it falls back from space at
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Thats just random
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
My new toaster
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
No
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Of course
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Love and Rockets
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt.
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Currently over Australia
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ and
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for :45 liftoff
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Flight profile
Live webcast of the launch at
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Thanks
Regular departures ...
Starman in Red Roadster
Florida time
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Mars Awaits
Pale blue dot
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowies Life on Mars.
Customs problem solved!
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they wont allow shipment of anything called a Flamethrower. To solve this, we are renaming it Not a Flamethrower.
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Release candidate in final testing phase
No
I think weve figured it out
Yes
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Flamethrowers sold out
Of course
Yes
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
From the worlds leading experts in zombie defense
Now thats a real flamethrower
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
k
~3k
So hard to keep future product releases secret
k
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Coming soon
Sure
Sentience is overrated
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
Ok
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
The rumor that Im secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Hmmm
Unless you like fun
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
ordered already, only left!
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Dont do this
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
Great for roasting nuts
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Say hello to my little friend
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so.
Check for updates
Done
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Near
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
Coming very soon
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Ok
Sure
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
Was gonna say well do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun
Should be in next update
Done
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry for the delay. We have the most advanced AI neural net of any consumer product by far, so its going through exhaustive testing. The results are blowing me away though and I think you will have a similar experience.
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that youd truly love. I hope you do. How can we improve further?
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Ok
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
True
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Yes
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Isnt it obvious?
If you liked tonights launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: rocket cores &amp; X thrust. cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. rd lands on droneship.
Never heard of it
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
It was definitely aliens
Launch underway
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
How much is it?
I love Twitter
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Pics soon
With people around, so you can see scale
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Knight Rider is real
Thanks!
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Wheres the evidence!?
I also support the Concave Earth and Hollow Globe Societies. Just covering my bases
HG2G
k
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Sorry
Youre an idiot
This depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yes
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
Yes
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Safest flamethrower ever
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over hats sold!
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first
Yes
Do it
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary
Deal
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Because its stupid
Maybe
Every th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
Hat
Yes
Busted
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Yeah
Yes
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
Kinda
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
int main(){}
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Wow, they played D&amp in D&amp
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Adjusting soon
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Good point
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Tesla Semi
to km/h in sec
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
... say scientists among other insights gained after a large vat of LSD overturned in the lab. Also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. The last point remains heavily debated.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Sure ...
"""If one day, my words are against science, choose science."" Mustafa Kemal Atatrk"
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Atatrk Antkabir
One rocket, slightly toasted
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Its true tho
Groan
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Now at hats
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
It all comes full circle
"Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. ""And be my love in the rain."""
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost hats sold so far. Whoever buys the th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
And other places
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
Party time!
"To be more inclusive, how about a ""pick your tech level"" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ..."
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
This weekend
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Jupiter is big
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
"There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is ""What color?"". Don't need a configurator for that."
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Yeah
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably to weeks
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Or do you?
High pain tolerance
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
I believe I can fly
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Yup
Part
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Moon Base Alpha
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Yes
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Good
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
Of course
High res version at
Most of it
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Actually ... yes
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Yes
Exactly
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Zeroth Law
It begins ...
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
Feature coming soon
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
That's pretty much why we did it
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Brakes
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Yes, it is
A tiny one
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Call it ~800mph
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only miles long. Very high accel/decel needed
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
"Tesla does not really have ""TTunes"". That's a joke."
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably m or so
Exactly. Yeah.
Intentionally? Yes
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
I played those games
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
I'm not the CEO of Ball Mason Jars. Also, not judging
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
I can't hide the truth any more
Yes
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
"We are going to move all info and settings to the ""cloud"" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you"
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I love Kermit
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
For sure
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
Coming soon ...
Hi Mom!
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
y
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
And let's not forget the forum on which we are posting I've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on Twitter.
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Looking forward to launching astronauts to the International Space Station next year!
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Sure hope so
Batteries!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Umm ...
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
Yeah
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Model Interior
Yes
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Yes
Sure
Watched them personally to make sure &amp; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
First!
Second
Third
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model handover tomorrow night ...
If we're lucky
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Movie on the subject coming soon...
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Kinda have to
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
y
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
y
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Good point
Fixed. Now it's good.
Yes
Stay tuned
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
We do that too, but for free
Hopefully
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
That doesn't sound right
"Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed (""Other US"" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not."
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
Cool!
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Of course!
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Cool
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
"Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a ""posse"" &amp; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery."
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
Stop biting my finger dammit
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks ! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was km, Falcon achieved km.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
Model passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Norway is awesome
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
Coming later today
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
Suggestions welcome!
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Across the road and below the ground
Perspective
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
News on Sunday
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Exactly
Me too
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
I love floors
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Still humans
Significantly improves control force
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
Sticking to
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Technically, Ironyman
Thanks! Looks cool.
Damn, I forgot bacon
In life, there are no easy choices
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Radiation
Groan
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will extend
Over km should be possible in a D with the right tires
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
Cool
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
There's a plot!?
ujelly?
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
It's time they knew
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
Hawthorne, California
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
How'd you know?
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Damn Stonecutters!
"Was no ""company"", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees &amp; didn't even own Tesla Motors name."
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
Exactly
Congrats Robb!
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
"Worth watching ""Who Killed the Electric Car?"" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction"
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
"Good point, will add ""cancel nav"" to voice commands"
Too awesome
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Cool
No, it's not!
Yes
Tap cancel on the screen
"Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say ""Play Monty Python"" or ""Navigate home"" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well."
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Yeah, coming back
Coming soon!
Partly
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
I mean also
Not yet
Yeah
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Yeah
Yeah
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Could be worse
We can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
Read
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
You're welcome!
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Seems that way
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Yeah, I counted
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Obviously
SEC disclosures, etc
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Or is it more about the way you use it?
I hope I'm wrong
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Great comedy! They should write for .
Most likely
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
California Cabernet
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Proud of my Mom
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Exactly
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Good point
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Coming soon
Yeah
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
And then some
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
A lot
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Yes
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Yes
Comparing Model S vs Model
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Busted
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
True
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
Exactly
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model , Model X &amp; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
Wear underpants
Will do
Black and textured slate versions will be
Yes
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
"Still agree with Tim's points. What ""you"" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time."
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but yeah
We got stuck
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What pun?
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Moonlight Sonata
Robots that learn by example from
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
And ... it's done
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather.
Yes
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes. Good.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Yes
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
"I know what you're thinking then why not ""the Third""? Well, I've learned my lesson about 's."
"By calling it ""the Second"", it has more credibility"
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Boring Not Boring
Good one
Been done
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
Landing
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at % of the theoretical load limit.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
My boring TED talk
Couldn't agree more
Extremely
Even more boring
Boring
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
On it now
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Yes
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
July
Pickup truck unveil in to months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Yeah
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
And so the robots spared humanity ...
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Et tu, Walt?
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
It won't matter
Pretty good
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Working on it
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
A lot
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend &amp; Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Thanks Phil!
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
No
You won't care
What gave me away?
No
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
Long Neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Yes
Yes
I believe so
Yup
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Yeah
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
No problem
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
I think so
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Tues/Wed
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Tues/Wed next week
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
How about now?
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Definitely
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yes
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
"Am noticing that many people think Model is the ""next version"" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true."
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
is a great car, but definitely Model S
Good point
I wish. It's so annoying.
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Ok
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
"Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda ""digitizes"" DC power"
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
Self-hatred
Thanks JJ!
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
of course
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
Exactly
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Just posted a video
Baby came back
no
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&amp risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
spacex's photo
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
I used that one
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
"Apparently, there is this thing called ""Dad jokes"" and I make them"
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
yes
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
yes
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to mph in sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
Almost ready
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Numeric
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them
"Not perfect &amp; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to ""1st"" place means it's essentially on par"
Fair point, sorry
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Exactly
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
"Good grief, I'm not ""working"" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction."
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Mostly anti-drug laws
Exactly
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
True!
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this
I wish!
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
Wow, cool!
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
maybe
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Minecraft
Yes. Green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. Work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
yes
Headline &amp; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Strategic &amp; Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President.
It is not
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the countrys challenges
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yup
Maybe next month
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
No they don't
Was wondering what those were
Sigh
That may be a difficult award to decline
"Tillerson also said that the risk of climate change does exist and he believed action should be taken"""
"... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."""
"Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: ""I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ..."
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
months maybe, months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
For now
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Yes
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Report highlight: The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost percent after Autosteer installation.
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
One million
Falcon before launch
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yes
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
"Rewatched ""Ghost in the Shell"" and the end of ""Colossus: The Forbin Project"""
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates degrees and does a retro burn
It does
Liftoff
All satellites deployed
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
It is
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
It will
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
via
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph &amp; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Churchill (non) quotes
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
Ok
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Exactly
Yes
Probability at % &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
Congratulations
Coming soon
Yes
Got it
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville &amp; across Mexico.
Yep
Yes
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to % of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
Ok
Wow!
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!!
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Sigh
Yes
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Glad youre ok!
Starship will look like liquid silver
Haha
Maybe
Much less
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Yes! People are almost always surprised to learn that Earths gravitational reach is infinite. Zero gravity is achieved by zooming around Earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time.
Engineering is true magic
Yezzz
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Thanks!
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons &amp; Mars.
Coldformed at cryo
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
Exactly
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
Yes
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel &amp; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
Coming soon
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Only if Dawkins joins
Interesting
Bajirao Mastani
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Yes
Haha
Namaste
Needs a warmup
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
Ok
Autopilot doesnt need the guide wheels. Theyre only there if there is a complete system failure. Turns will definitely be banked in future.
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
Exactly
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; I think theyre right. Might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. So long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
Precisely
Presentation starting at :15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
Actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Yes
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Yeah, I wrote that back in , almost years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. It takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla!
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Tis
Medieval Futurism
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Thanks!
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
Congratulations!
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
You got it
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
Zero Suit
God Fire
ramen is sooo good
Exactly
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
About to days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
No need to wait. Its super easy to swap the HW2 and HW3 computers. Sensors are the same.
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Yes
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
Probably next month
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
Probably end of next year
So true
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Machete!!
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car -2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldnt exist or would have started much later.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe &amp; later China.
Buying took over a decade, $11M &amp; amazing amount of effort. Didnt like even when we were only making .
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Yes
Interesting
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
As far as we know, its the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. Major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Us too sigh
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
satellites on this flight!
Were adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the Tesla neural net in coming months
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Youre all hired!
Yes no maybe
None shall pass!
Ok
Good advice
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
Glad youre ok
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
You got it!
Three things, one of which is CH4
No
No
Reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. Cant wipe it off.
Haha
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
True
Both
Your Tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
One day
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
Update soon
Sorry
Boring breakthrough
Definitely
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
That would be cool
Haha kinda true
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Yes
This is completely backwards. Based on what weve learned from the Hawthorne test tunnel, were moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under LA. Wont need a second test tunnel under Sepulveda.
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Tiny wizard
to years
Engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Touch
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Not yet
trouble
Earth is
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Signing off for a while
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Starships were meant to fly
Starship Tooters
Good one
Good idea
Coming soon
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
Later versions will
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Renaming BFR to Starship
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
Yes
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
No, its got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original Roadster. Still, it would probably only save about % to % of effort, all things considered.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Lot on our plate, so its either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from Daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. Not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. Priority list is Model Y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, Roadster.
Ok
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Absolutely agree
Investigating
Probably mid
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service &amp; lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA &amp; USAF are supportive.
Radical change
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Missed miku concert sigh
Listening to Better Now
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
Haha
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
While (!castle) {brick++};
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Fortnite irl
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
We have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains dont leave often.
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Yes
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Easily accessible energy
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Yes
Will try again next month
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Is he ok?
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for grant money. They earn vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
That is true &amp; should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Good, but not hospital grade. S &amp; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Cool
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield &amp; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
But comments are
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec . Runs parallel to freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to .
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Zeroth Law
Foundation of psychohistory
I am not
True
B or !2B
Love Oumuamua jokes
Remember the future
Oh hi guys lol
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
So underappreciated
Ok
Ok
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
What is love?
Bikini Bottom
Fair
Yes, that is how
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Wow thats cool!
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Haha
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Yes
Definitely
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa &amp; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China &amp; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California &amp; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob to weeks
v true
cute
Haha
Bring Me the Horizon
Aiming for next week
Norway
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas &amp; East Coast in st half of quarter
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
Um yes
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say whos the pet now
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid &amp; park.
Cool haha
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Dont worry, well make it right
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Isnt it obvious?
Worth it
True
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
Haha
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Lacks scale
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Exactly
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
Glad youre ok
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
Good question
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
I wish
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes Zorbix
Sir, I would never
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
Making progress
I said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Its pretty hot
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Ok
Fire and Ice
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Love the Concorde
Bound to happen
Yes
Time
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
Midnight
My twitter feed rn
Then the hell with science!
Not moths tho
Send me ur dankest memes!!
in
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model was product alone.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Same
Howd they know!?
Around mid
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Working on it
That is correct
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Wanna buy some Bitcoin?
And I own a chibi Wolverine
ianime
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get days to return for refund, else day
Former
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
Good point
Interesting
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Under LA (Hawthorne)
mph | km/h
Opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
Pretty close, actually
I think real
Opens Dec
The first tunnel is almost done
N00B!
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Good idea!
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Coming soon
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Digital Style!
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Exactly
Coming
Yes
Reality is hard
Online doesnt count
Coming soon
No
Thats next
Had to been done ur welcome
I hope this is true!
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model &amp; super simple new order page
Week or two
Love the Reddit comments too
Dog saves her puppies
y
Youll see
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Special Circumstances
Yes
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Insightful article by David
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I believe its $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between % &amp; %
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU &amp; better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
Model motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Yes
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
It is time to create a mecha
NERV
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Love Your Name
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
Towelie
Good idea!
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Yes
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Visual approximation
Teslaquila coming soon
Glad youre safe
Beautiful picture
Yes, its hard to find. Not sure why.
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
This is incorrect
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Studebaker Museum in South Bend
Punctuality is not my strong suit
Wed be nothing without our fans
Because is obviously louder than
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
It sure does. Very reliable.
You are right
A reminder of why its important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Warms my
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
(Credit )
Falcon has landed
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
What city &amp; what Model config?
My fav character
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Yes
Yes, but in that were creating a generalized autonomy solution. Must work in millions of strange situations.
Blade Runner Esper Edition Vangelis
Actually, its of forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. External cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
Fair point
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Only if theyre extremely tiny
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
Rococo Basilisk is
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
The big funds can &amp; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
This is amazing
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
True
Sorry about the typo. That was unforgivable. Why would they be upset about their mission? Its what they do.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Great verdict
Could be worse
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Naughty by Nature
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
That was intense
i
!! Will take action.
And remember
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Tesla Owners
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Tricky one
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Probably for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
Haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Wow, glad theyre ok!
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Tesla Rangers!
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Yes
True
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
Will do. Love Reddit.
Space Bar
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Very close
Always
Yes
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Very interesting
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Yes, I do
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
With lasers
My fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Ok
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Forward moving wing
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Awesome
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Yes
Yeah, thats our problem. Service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes &amp; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
True
"Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. """
Hi Dustin!
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in + years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Wut?
Haha
Intentionally so
Electric cars made with sunlight
Yes
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
Thoughtful feedback
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Looks cool
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
is about the right cell size, but I dont recommend copying our current module design. Far too difficult to manufacture.
Like sands through the hourglass
types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont
Will do soon, as promised
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
I am a business magnet
Good times with
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Tesla st, nd &amp; rd in August sales
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
Sorry, weve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. If need be, were repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. Got to be done.
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
V cool
So you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is .
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Its coming, I swear
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Sure
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
Most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. Now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Maybe
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Whats cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Its almost done
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
This is actually real
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids &amp; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Ok
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
So many saved drafts. So so many.
Im dying to
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good &amp; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
Coming soon
Definitely
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Didnt like it
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Excession
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Version
Ford &amp; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Great meeting you!
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen &amp; company. Our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
Model review by Unbox ... via
Missile Command &amp; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Blue too
Hex nostalgia
e f f d f e
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &amp; Katz and Munger, Tolles &amp; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Model traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
Great Q&amp;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model &amp; bringing Y to market
He was amazing
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Busted
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
Of course
Unis3x
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
S3XY
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
Awesome
Love this from P&amp: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Yes
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every months or so (like SpaceX)
No change
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares &amp; go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Yes
I dont have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Good morning
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Maybe Thursday
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Yes
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
Early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless youre prepared to have something go wrong
Tesla Autopilot Team
Everywhere
Much more interesting
Games &amp; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X &amp; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S &amp; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Glad youre enjoying Model &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0.
Yup
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
The humans
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Very tiny
Performance Model review by
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Still as true today as it was years ago
Squirrels
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Definitely
Bioshock is amazing
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Cool idea!
Good idea &amp; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Yup
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Science
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert &amp; raise you a Chris McKay
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
We should be really worried about this
No
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
Were adding a party &amp; camper mode soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. Great background.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Yes, minifloats
Yes
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
-bit floating point?
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Yes
The future is accelerating
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
This is great.
Thanks Phil
Machines that go ping
Whats technology?
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Wagnerian
Yes
Mtor Trnd
Great!
Weve gone from ~1000 S/X deliveries per week in US last year to ~6000 S/3/X. Its like hitting a square wave.
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here &amp; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Haha
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Wall Street
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
Yes, Tesla Model S, X &amp; all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
Ok
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Hes a good guy
Always look on the bright side of life
It is much better
Sorry
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Dont make me bite my thumb at you
For sure
Btw, is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
No kidding
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago &amp; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
This chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not US government missions. Other US refers to Boeing &amp; Lockheed. Their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
I wish
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
Good point
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about % of what I donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone.
Actually true
Hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely &amp; smell first. Ur welcome.
Lvl Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yes
Wizard alien
Yeah, but I got gp &amp; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
Interesting read
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Performance version suspension is cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Would love to. Its been too long.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
Sure
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
So true
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sounds good
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Damn, now I want donuts
Yeah
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Great move
Why sir
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Good point
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Well it looked smaller on paper
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Should be very soon. Weve already made around Model Performance cars for test drives in stores.
Exactly
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Already have
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
The former Thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as rescue chief) is not the subject matter expert. That would be Dick Stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. This is our direct correspondence:
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
Ok
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Thanks, but weve not done anything useful yet. It is all other people.
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is cm
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
It is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Python
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Turbo
C
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
Yes
Yes
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
Yes
handles/hitch points on front &amp; on rear. air tank connections on front &amp; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Ground winds would
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Cant be too buoyant
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Good idea
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Interesting
Great, thanks
Inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand &amp; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water wont come in
Does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX &amp; Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd &amp; rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
Maybe worth trying: insert a m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you &amp; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
I didnt ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots dont work for me. They just dont like hypocrites.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos &amp; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Are you % certain that stands by &amp; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
True
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
What a coincidence
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. , I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Happy to support
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Belfast is beautiful
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set &amp; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
I suspect that the Thai govt has this under control, but Im happy to help if there is a way to do so
You never know ..
Loona
Ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
Noted
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Whoop whoop
The Spice Flows
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Sure
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
cars, days Tesla Team
Then whats this wand for?
Who likes short shorts?
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Excession
Engineering is magic
Love Awesomo
Space Laser
Spacebow
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow.
Open the Knaack HAL
obv
the money
Follow the
Busted. Its me.
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks Bill
Paint shop
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more &amp; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We didnt steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, We didnt benefit from it, We dont want it, And we still offered to pay for it. You are a jackass.
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Bronco rocks
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
For sure
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Youre welcome!
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
That goes without saying
lb towing capacity
It will
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically &amp; have degree cameras &amp; sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Virtue signaling is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
We must aspire to truth
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
True
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
This Washington Post article seems good
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
This doesnt take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). This is why Tesla.
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old &amp; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
Good news coming soon
Yes
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Life is good
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
So strange
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Its real
Thanks!
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum &amp; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Road, Hawthorne
.sus
haha
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
So big you cant believe it
srsly
Vicious torque
Tesla factory rn
Good catch!
Exactly
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Thanks
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Its called Top Secret
Yes
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Sure
Congratulations!
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Dune. The spice must flow.
We power the press in . Ironic.
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Exactly
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of % seems about right. Below % is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above % too negatively affects economic output.
Cool video
Thank you for helping those in need
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Yup
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Original Star Wars
Hahaha
Die frhliche Wissenschaft und Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu Behalten
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are they?
Where are you going to march?
That seems unlikely
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
I am one of the top donors to
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
I think so
I hope the kids are ok
Shelter
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
They look beautiful
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga &amp; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
No
Needed another general assembly line to reach k/week Model production. A new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in weeks. Tesla team kfa!! Gah, love them so much
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Your union brothers
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Thanks, good advice
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks &amp; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla &amp; me via rd parties.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it &amp; attacked me personally
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years &amp; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford &amp; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Engels wrote nd &amp; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldnt care less.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Iron pyrite
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Youre just a troll/bot, but I will reply anyway. I arrived in Montreal at by myself with $2k. No support, no contacts, nothing. Father said Id fail &amp; be back in months.
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
You think all companies are bad and all unions good? Thats a very bigoted position.
Well said
Then youll be fine
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesnt work. UAW and Wall Street shorts know every detail of whats happening at Tesla. Storm clouds are gathering, so theyre getting desperate.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash Tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. Such creeps.
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
Iain certainly wasnt pro-union in the Culture books. At all. And wouldnt be in the case of Tesla. Banks was about freedom through &amp; through. Maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), I would be too, but thats a special case.
SX &amp; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Love you too
Fair point
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldnt resist)
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd &amp; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Ok
The enemy of my enemy is myself
Exactly
Libertinarian
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I disagree with that goal &amp; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
lol
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Yes
Sigh
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Lake Show
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
No
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
A socialist
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
What is yours?
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
I always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of Green Eggs &amp; Ham
Foundation Series &amp; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks &amp; George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. Its pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
My donations are anonymous
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dankonia
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; were never going to make them again.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
Not recommended for urban environments
Yes
The actual amount of time I spend on Twitter is tiny. My tweets are literally what Im thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
Add an R for Roadster
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
Will do
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU &amp; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
years ago, when my st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly
Terms &amp; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
Yes
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Coming soon
I think so
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
First Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today!
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on % renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Definitely. Will also have Augmented Mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. Like a flying metal suit, but in car form
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S &amp; X w HW2 Autopilot &amp; all Model cars.
Working on improving
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Tip of the day
Coming soon
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little
Good morning, Sonic. Not sure how to break it to you, but
We have about projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Definitely
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Next year
Twitter is so dark
No no
That is horrifying
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The future
Exactly!
I was an alien
Usually, they dont even realize it. All they know is that some PR agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. That is the true nature of the corruption. It is rare that US media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
Actually true!
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everythings just fine
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Glad youre ok!
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Mid for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model should be second best in world after Model S/X. Still super good, but we went a little on S/X.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
Model S &amp; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
Do it
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Natrlich
Definitely
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Finders keepers
Hi !
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Hell of a week
Just for perspective
True, no one is perfect
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
Ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
Prob
Yes
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
Pneumatic means propelled by air. Opposite of Hyperloop.
Braking &amp; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
Yeah, absolutely
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
Like you guys too
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design &amp; SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Peace
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science &amp; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Exactly
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Yeah
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Yes
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
You have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Good school
Had a great time with my kids
Yes
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Thanks
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Youre missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Yup, deleted
? It should
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky tires.
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
Keyword future
Will do another rev before final design
I was
Thats what I had in mind
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Its not
Thats a great song!
Sometimes when I have hurt feelings, I play this song
No, thats the other guy
So true
Because Twitter is fun
USAToday FTW!
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
But femtotech is the future
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that dumb public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh...
A Tesla has a usable reserve of to miles range even after the battery reads empty. This will not hurt the pack.
Pretty good. TinTin A &amp; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
Its cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening
Gwynne has been prez of SpaceX for years &amp; well-deserved
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe &amp; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Worth a shot
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
The Tesla facility is open plan &amp; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
No
Nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law &amp; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
Done
Have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Be careful what you wish for
Amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll
My point exactly
Ahem, you have nano in your bio. That is % synonymous with bs.
Reddit is great
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product &amp; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Gasoline or diesel?
What car do you drive?
March
The media
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Definitely
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Yo
Thats the basic idea
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
If youre in media &amp; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
Ive never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. UAW abandoned this factory. Tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. They havent forgotten UAW betrayed them. Thats why UAW cant even get people to attend a free BBQ, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
Of course
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
No, theyre just some rich kids in Berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
Will do
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Thats why editors are included too
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Even if some of the public doesnt care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
Exactly
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis &amp; Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
Thanks. Not super fun right now
Busted
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Great idea!
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM &amp; Chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago &amp; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote &amp; find out.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM &amp; Chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over &amp; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Good point
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of class lords &amp; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, &amp; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler &amp; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
No problem
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
I didnt meet with him
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Have been meaning to get around to talking to him. Some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasnt fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
ABS calibration algorithm
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Stop, youre making me blush
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Very strange. Model is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money &amp; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla &amp; live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
Exactly ! That will be really fun &amp; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
Yes
Exactly
They can form a union whenever they want &amp; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
They are correct. Its awesome. Second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from Model S. Traction control precision is super tight.
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Good idea ...
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; dont get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec &amp; top speed to mph.
Black &amp; white interior available only for Model Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
Exactly
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
Im about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
AC induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed &amp; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
He taunts us with his speed
Just an ordinary snail
His name is Gary &amp; hes a snail
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
lol
Listening to REALiTi
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Yes
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Yes
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Lovely story
If someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. I would gladly obey their instructions, but I cant figure them out.
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over &amp; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
Good piece by Ars
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Yo
Will make that a setting
Fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, hours a day, days a week
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla &amp; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Launching in ~4 mins
AWD &amp; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD &amp; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
A cool thing about the design is thats easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S &amp; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X &amp; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter
So rococo
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Stole it
We sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Hi Danielle!
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
Thats a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Prob iTunes, but whatever works u is fine. Most people dont buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. Mostly about touring.
Flesh without Blood &amp; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Love Powerglide too
Yes
Rococo basilisk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
(Sigh) I do like Ty, but shes a friend. We are not dating.
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. Its actually true.
Im killin me lol
lol
Hi Sarah
Then Im going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Cryptocandy
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
What do you think were living in?
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
Im starting a candy company &amp; its going to be amazing
This will be bigger
I try so hard to help them
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
New Roadster will have that
Yes, definitely not
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Yup
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S &amp; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Exactly
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp; X are producing major positive cash flow &amp; Model is about to do same.
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Youre most welcome
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place &amp; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
Woke Frisbee
La la la
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Ars Technica
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Ok
Thats how I use my eyebrows too
I have prehensile eyebrows
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Dont make me use my space lasers
I know such an underserved market
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex &amp; Psycho on playlist
Mostly not
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working /7 to activate several hundred more.
Russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Doing our best
Now
Driving a Model and playing
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
We already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in Pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesnt become a dead satellite. Need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like Mr Steven.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Too wasted to remember
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in Q3 &amp; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Maybe a little
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
I love trolls
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Place your bets
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
How many views?
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Free viewing ends in about hours
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Similar timing
So probably July
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
The cat videos are awesome
at M views after hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Exactly
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
This is false
Oh, its on
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven
What about this?
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
As you wish
Its the best
"Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by ""Teslaquilla"" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!"
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Important news in a few hours
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
Everythings better with fire
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Tru drat
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel &amp; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
And they said Id never be a rock star
Yes
Uhh, its literally made of rock
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Prob May
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Shocker
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Youll live
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB &amp; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Ok
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Literally never seen it even once
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Whats Facebook?
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
Umm...yes
Yes
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sorry
Model X pulls a lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
Thanks!
Sounds like this canton has style!
Ok
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Better to be in the Model X
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Petra and Mars
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel &amp; Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
Yes
Good point
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Resist
Thinkularity
Thud!
Great idea!
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
On the Westworld set with my bro
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
No, its not
None of the above
Tunnels
Because blue
I guess you could say its a mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. So, yes, a bus.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Definitely
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. Its a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone cant afford a car, they should go first.
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Heavy sigh
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US &amp; China should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Depends on what you mean by doom
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Almost done
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
And New York
And we are even worse than that in California
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
About a month
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon as it falls back from space at
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Thats just random
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
My new toaster
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
No
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Of course
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Love and Rockets
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt.
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Currently over Australia
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ and
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for :45 liftoff
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Flight profile
Live webcast of the launch at
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Thanks
Regular departures ...
Starman in Red Roadster
Florida time
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Mars Awaits
Pale blue dot
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowies Life on Mars.
Customs problem solved!
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they wont allow shipment of anything called a Flamethrower. To solve this, we are renaming it Not a Flamethrower.
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Release candidate in final testing phase
No
I think weve figured it out
Yes
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Flamethrowers sold out
Of course
Yes
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
From the worlds leading experts in zombie defense
Now thats a real flamethrower
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
k
~3k
So hard to keep future product releases secret
k
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Coming soon
Sure
Sentience is overrated
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
Ok
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
The rumor that Im secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Hmmm
Unless you like fun
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
ordered already, only left!
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Dont do this
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
Great for roasting nuts
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Say hello to my little friend
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so.
Check for updates
Done
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Near
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Coming very soon
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Ok
Sure
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
Was gonna say well do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun
Should be in next update
Done
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry for the delay. We have the most advanced AI neural net of any consumer product by far, so its going through exhaustive testing. The results are blowing me away though and I think you will have a similar experience.
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that youd truly love. I hope you do. How can we improve further?
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Ok
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
True
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Yes
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Isnt it obvious?
If you liked tonights launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: rocket cores &amp; X thrust. cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. rd lands on droneship.
Never heard of it
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
It was definitely aliens
Launch underway
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
How much is it?
I love Twitter
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Pics soon
With people around, so you can see scale
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Knight Rider is real
Thanks!
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Wheres the evidence!?
I also support the Concave Earth and Hollow Globe Societies. Just covering my bases
HG2G
k
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Sorry
Youre an idiot
This depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yes
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
Yes
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Safest flamethrower ever
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over hats sold!
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first
Yes
Do it
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary
Deal
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Because its stupid
Maybe
Every th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
Hat
Yes
Busted
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Yeah
Yes
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
Kinda
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
int main(){}
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Wow, they played D&amp in D&amp
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Adjusting soon
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Good point
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Tesla Semi
to km/h in sec
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
... say scientists among other insights gained after a large vat of LSD overturned in the lab. Also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. The last point remains heavily debated.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Sure ...
"""If one day, my words are against science, choose science."" Mustafa Kemal Atatrk"
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Atatrk Antkabir
One rocket, slightly toasted
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Its true tho
Groan
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Now at hats
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
It all comes full circle
"Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. ""And be my love in the rain."""
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost hats sold so far. Whoever buys the th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
And other places
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
Party time!
"To be more inclusive, how about a ""pick your tech level"" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ..."
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
This weekend
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Jupiter is big
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
"There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is ""What color?"". Don't need a configurator for that."
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Yeah
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably to weeks
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Or do you?
High pain tolerance
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
I believe I can fly
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Yup
Part
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Moon Base Alpha
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Yes
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Good
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
Of course
High res version at
Most of it
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Actually ... yes
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Yes
Exactly
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Zeroth Law
It begins ...
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
Feature coming soon
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
That's pretty much why we did it
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Brakes
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Yes, it is
A tiny one
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Call it ~800mph
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only miles long. Very high accel/decel needed
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
"Tesla does not really have ""TTunes"". That's a joke."
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably m or so
Exactly. Yeah.
Intentionally? Yes
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
I played those games
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
I'm not the CEO of Ball Mason Jars. Also, not judging
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
I can't hide the truth any more
Yes
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
"We are going to move all info and settings to the ""cloud"" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you"
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I love Kermit
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
For sure
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
Coming soon ...
Hi Mom!
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
y
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
And let's not forget the forum on which we are posting I've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on Twitter.
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Looking forward to launching astronauts to the International Space Station next year!
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Sure hope so
Batteries!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Umm ...
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
Yeah
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Model Interior
Yes
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Yes
Sure
Watched them personally to make sure &amp; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
First!
Second
Third
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model handover tomorrow night ...
If we're lucky
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Movie on the subject coming soon...
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Kinda have to
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
y
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
y
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Good point
Fixed. Now it's good.
Yes
Stay tuned
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
We do that too, but for free
Hopefully
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
That doesn't sound right
"Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed (""Other US"" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not."
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
Cool!
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Of course!
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Cool
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
"Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a ""posse"" &amp; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery."
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
Stop biting my finger dammit
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks ! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was km, Falcon achieved km.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
Model passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Norway is awesome
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
Coming later today
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
Suggestions welcome!
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Across the road and below the ground
Perspective
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
News on Sunday
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Exactly
Me too
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
I love floors
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Still humans
Significantly improves control force
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
Sticking to
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Technically, Ironyman
Thanks! Looks cool.
Damn, I forgot bacon
In life, there are no easy choices
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Radiation
Groan
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will extend
Over km should be possible in a D with the right tires
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
Cool
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
There's a plot!?
ujelly?
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
It's time they knew
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
Hawthorne, California
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
How'd you know?
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Damn Stonecutters!
"Was no ""company"", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees &amp; didn't even own Tesla Motors name."
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
Exactly
Congrats Robb!
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
"Worth watching ""Who Killed the Electric Car?"" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction"
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
"Good point, will add ""cancel nav"" to voice commands"
Too awesome
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Cool
No, it's not!
Yes
Tap cancel on the screen
"Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say ""Play Monty Python"" or ""Navigate home"" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well."
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Yeah, coming back
Coming soon!
Partly
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
I mean also
Not yet
Yeah
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Yeah
Yeah
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Could be worse
We can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
Read
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
You're welcome!
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Seems that way
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Yeah, I counted
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Obviously
SEC disclosures, etc
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Or is it more about the way you use it?
I hope I'm wrong
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Great comedy! They should write for .
Most likely
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
California Cabernet
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Proud of my Mom
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Exactly
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Good point
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Coming soon
Yeah
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
And then some
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
A lot
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Yes
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Yes
Comparing Model S vs Model
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Busted
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
True
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
Exactly
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model , Model X &amp; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
Wear underpants
Will do
Black and textured slate versions will be
Yes
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
"Still agree with Tim's points. What ""you"" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time."
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but yeah
We got stuck
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What pun?
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Moonlight Sonata
Robots that learn by example from
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
And ... it's done
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather.
Yes
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes. Good.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Yes
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
"I know what you're thinking then why not ""the Third""? Well, I've learned my lesson about 's."
"By calling it ""the Second"", it has more credibility"
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Boring Not Boring
Good one
Been done
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
Landing
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at % of the theoretical load limit.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
My boring TED talk
Couldn't agree more
Extremely
Even more boring
Boring
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
On it now
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Yes
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
July
Pickup truck unveil in to months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Yeah
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
And so the robots spared humanity ...
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Et tu, Walt?
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
It won't matter
Pretty good
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Working on it
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
A lot
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend &amp; Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Thanks Phil!
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
No
You won't care
What gave me away?
No
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
Long Neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Yes
Yes
I believe so
Yup
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Yeah
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
No problem
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
I think so
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Tues/Wed
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Tues/Wed next week
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
How about now?
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Definitely
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yes
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
"Am noticing that many people think Model is the ""next version"" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true."
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
is a great car, but definitely Model S
Good point
I wish. It's so annoying.
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Ok
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
"Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda ""digitizes"" DC power"
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
Self-hatred
Thanks JJ!
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
of course
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
Exactly
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Just posted a video
Baby came back
no
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&amp risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
spacex's photo
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
I used that one
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
"Apparently, there is this thing called ""Dad jokes"" and I make them"
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
yes
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
yes
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to mph in sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
Almost ready
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Numeric
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them
"Not perfect &amp; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to ""1st"" place means it's essentially on par"
Fair point, sorry
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Exactly
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
"Good grief, I'm not ""working"" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction."
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Mostly anti-drug laws
Exactly
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
True!
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this
I wish!
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
Wow, cool!
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
maybe
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Minecraft
Yes. Green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. Work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
yes
Headline &amp; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Strategic &amp; Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President.
It is not
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the countrys challenges
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yup
Maybe next month
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
No they don't
Was wondering what those were
Sigh
That may be a difficult award to decline
"Tillerson also said that the risk of climate change does exist and he believed action should be taken"""
"... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."""
"Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: ""I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ..."
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
months maybe, months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
For now
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Yes
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Report highlight: The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost percent after Autosteer installation.
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
One million
Falcon before launch
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yes
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
"Rewatched ""Ghost in the Shell"" and the end of ""Colossus: The Forbin Project"""
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates degrees and does a retro burn
It does
Liftoff
All satellites deployed
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
It is
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
It will
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
via
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph &amp; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Churchill (non) quotes
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.