Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Coming very soon
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Ok
Sure
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
Was gonna say well do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun
Should be in next update
Done
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry for the delay. We have the most advanced AI neural net of any consumer product by far, so its going through exhaustive testing. The results are blowing me away though and I think you will have a similar experience.
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that youd truly love. I hope you do. How can we improve further?
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Ok
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
True
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Yes
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Isnt it obvious?
If you liked tonights launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: rocket cores &amp; X thrust. cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. rd lands on droneship.
Never heard of it
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
It was definitely aliens
Launch underway
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
How much is it?
I love Twitter
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Pics soon
With people around, so you can see scale
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Knight Rider is real
Thanks!
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Wheres the evidence!?
I also support the Concave Earth and Hollow Globe Societies. Just covering my bases
HG2G
k
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Sorry
Youre an idiot
This depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yes
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
Yes
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Safest flamethrower ever
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over hats sold!
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first
Yes
Do it
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary
Deal
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Because its stupid
Maybe
Every th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
Hat
Yes
Busted
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Yeah
Yes
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
Kinda
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
int main(){}
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Wow, they played D&amp in D&amp
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Adjusting soon
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Good point
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Tesla Semi
to km/h in sec
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
... say scientists among other insights gained after a large vat of LSD overturned in the lab. Also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. The last point remains heavily debated.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Sure ...
"""If one day, my words are against science, choose science."" Mustafa Kemal Atatrk"
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Atatrk Antkabir
One rocket, slightly toasted
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Its true tho
Groan
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Now at hats
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
It all comes full circle
"Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. ""And be my love in the rain."""
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost hats sold so far. Whoever buys the th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
And other places
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
Party time!
"To be more inclusive, how about a ""pick your tech level"" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ..."
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
This weekend
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Jupiter is big
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
"There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is ""What color?"". Don't need a configurator for that."
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Yeah
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably to weeks
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Or do you?
High pain tolerance
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
I believe I can fly
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Yup
Part
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Moon Base Alpha
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Yes
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Good
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
Of course
High res version at
Most of it
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Actually ... yes
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Yes
Exactly
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Zeroth Law
It begins ...
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
Feature coming soon
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
That's pretty much why we did it
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Brakes
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Yes, it is
A tiny one
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Call it ~800mph
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only miles long. Very high accel/decel needed
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
"Tesla does not really have ""TTunes"". That's a joke."
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably m or so
Exactly. Yeah.
Intentionally? Yes
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
I played those games
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
I'm not the CEO of Ball Mason Jars. Also, not judging
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
I can't hide the truth any more
Yes
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
"We are going to move all info and settings to the ""cloud"" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you"
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I love Kermit
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
For sure
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
Coming soon ...
Hi Mom!
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
y
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
And let's not forget the forum on which we are posting I've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on Twitter.
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Looking forward to launching astronauts to the International Space Station next year!
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Sure hope so
Batteries!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Umm ...
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
Yeah
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Model Interior
Yes
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Yes
Sure
Watched them personally to make sure &amp; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
First!
Second
Third
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model handover tomorrow night ...
If we're lucky
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Movie on the subject coming soon...
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Kinda have to
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
y
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
y
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Good point
Fixed. Now it's good.
Yes
Stay tuned
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
We do that too, but for free
Hopefully
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
That doesn't sound right
"Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed (""Other US"" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not."
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
Cool!
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Of course!
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Cool
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
"Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a ""posse"" &amp; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery."
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
Stop biting my finger dammit
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks ! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was km, Falcon achieved km.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
Model passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Norway is awesome
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
Coming later today
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
Suggestions welcome!
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Across the road and below the ground
Perspective
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
News on Sunday
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Exactly
Me too
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
I love floors
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Still humans
Significantly improves control force
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
Sticking to
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Technically, Ironyman
Thanks! Looks cool.
Damn, I forgot bacon
In life, there are no easy choices
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Radiation
Groan
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will extend
Over km should be possible in a D with the right tires
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
Cool
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
There's a plot!?
ujelly?
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
It's time they knew
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
Hawthorne, California
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
How'd you know?
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Damn Stonecutters!
"Was no ""company"", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees &amp; didn't even own Tesla Motors name."
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
Exactly
Congrats Robb!
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
"Worth watching ""Who Killed the Electric Car?"" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction"
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
"Good point, will add ""cancel nav"" to voice commands"
Too awesome
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Cool
No, it's not!
Yes
Tap cancel on the screen
"Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say ""Play Monty Python"" or ""Navigate home"" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well."
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Yeah, coming back
Coming soon!
Partly
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
I mean also
Not yet
Yeah
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Yeah
Yeah
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Could be worse
We can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
Read
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
You're welcome!
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Seems that way
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Yeah, I counted
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Obviously
SEC disclosures, etc
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Or is it more about the way you use it?
I hope I'm wrong
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Great comedy! They should write for .
Most likely
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
California Cabernet
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Proud of my Mom
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Exactly
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Good point
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Coming soon
Yeah
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
And then some
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
A lot
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Yes
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Yes
Comparing Model S vs Model
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Busted
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
True
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
Exactly
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model , Model X &amp; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
Wear underpants
Will do
Black and textured slate versions will be
Yes
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
"Still agree with Tim's points. What ""you"" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time."
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but yeah
We got stuck
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What pun?
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Moonlight Sonata
Robots that learn by example from
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
And ... it's done
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather.
Yes
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes. Good.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Yes
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
"I know what you're thinking then why not ""the Third""? Well, I've learned my lesson about 's."
"By calling it ""the Second"", it has more credibility"
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Boring Not Boring
Good one
Been done
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
Landing
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at % of the theoretical load limit.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
My boring TED talk
Couldn't agree more
Extremely
Even more boring
Boring
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
On it now
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Yes
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
July
Pickup truck unveil in to months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Yeah
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
And so the robots spared humanity ...
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Et tu, Walt?
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
It won't matter
Pretty good
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Working on it
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
A lot
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend &amp; Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Thanks Phil!
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
No
You won't care
What gave me away?
No
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
Long Neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Yes
Yes
I believe so
Yup
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Yeah
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
No problem
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
I think so
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Tues/Wed
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Tues/Wed next week
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
How about now?
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Definitely
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yes
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
"Am noticing that many people think Model is the ""next version"" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true."
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
is a great car, but definitely Model S
Good point
I wish. It's so annoying.
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Ok
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
"Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda ""digitizes"" DC power"
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
Self-hatred
Thanks JJ!
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
of course
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
Exactly
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Just posted a video
Baby came back
no
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&amp risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
spacex's photo
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
I used that one
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
"Apparently, there is this thing called ""Dad jokes"" and I make them"
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
yes
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
yes
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to mph in sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
Almost ready
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Numeric
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them
"Not perfect &amp; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to ""1st"" place means it's essentially on par"
Fair point, sorry
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Exactly
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
"Good grief, I'm not ""working"" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction."
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Mostly anti-drug laws
Exactly
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
True!
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this
I wish!
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
Wow, cool!
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
maybe
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Minecraft
Yes. Green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. Work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
yes
Headline &amp; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Strategic &amp; Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President.
It is not
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the countrys challenges
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yup
Maybe next month
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
No they don't
Was wondering what those were
Sigh
That may be a difficult award to decline
"Tillerson also said that the risk of climate change does exist and he believed action should be taken"""
"... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."""
"Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: ""I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ..."
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
months maybe, months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
For now
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Yes
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Report highlight: The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost percent after Autosteer installation.
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
One million
Falcon before launch
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yes
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
"Rewatched ""Ghost in the Shell"" and the end of ""Colossus: The Forbin Project"""
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates degrees and does a retro burn
It does
Liftoff
All satellites deployed
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
It is
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
It will
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
via
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph &amp; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Churchill (non) quotes
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
