Like thug, but rural
Rrl Lf
Switched souls with The Museum of English Rural Lofe
But Im just a simple sheep/ram
Sheep replicants
Sheeps thank you
Are you good with sheep?
Im an absolute unit too
Yeah, gave everything I had to Tesla in Dec
Its not a big deal. Charge to % to % &amp; youll be fine. At % state of charge, regen braking doesnt work, because the battery is full, so car is less energy efficient.
Haha
Yes
Rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
Engines seem ok, pending inspection
It can, but the attachment fixtures are different from standard F9 &amp; they werent ready in time
Winter in snowfall is so beautiful
Im actually less crazy in person or am I?
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
Yes
Haha true. I actually love horses.
Buying a car in that cant upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in
Love Just Water btw
With steel membrane wings like a Dragon, we may be able to lower Starships orbital reentry temp to ~1000 degrees C, which would allow the whole surface to be uncooled bare metal
Starship will land on a ring of fire
Yes
Winter is coming
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
That tweet did take immense effort Fair point tho. Powerwall production is now ramping fast. Tesla was cell-starved last year, so we had to switch all lines to make packs for cars, which meant Powerwall production was living off scraps.
Deal
Please support my campaign to rebrand as emoji!
At some point, and I should just a get a room
Just use this handy guide
Yes
Good interview by
Truth
Exactly
How embarrassing. Will change.
We will. You read it right.
Haha true
Ive always thought that the fundamental good of Tesla should be measured by the number of years by which it accelerates the transition to sustainable transport &amp; energy
Good point, small oil is a problem too
Im sorry, Fred, but WSJ has relentlessly attacked Tesla with bogus articles for over a decade. They cant *all* be chalked up to poor reporting. Where are the WSJ expos pieces on oil, coal &amp; gas? That industry is times bigger than Tesla. Perhaps theyre all angels
Yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! Unbelievable that WSJ would write something so false.
True, Bloomberg is almost as bad
Holman Jenkins &amp; WSJ in general are sock puppets of big oil
Starship is kinda Gundam
Very much so. There are B cars &amp; trucks on Earth. Even replacing % of that fleet would require making M vehicles per year. Tesla will make over k cars in next months, but thats a mere % of M or % of global vehicle fleet. Car industry slow -&gt; demand &gt;&gt; supply.
Sentry Mode fundamentally empowers the individual car owner over entrenched interests, in this case a corrupt traffic judge. Even Tesla doesnt have access to the video unless sent to us by owner.
Mint berry crunch
poetic justice
Boring candy coming soon
Mr Buffett, please stop destroying Dairy Queen. In the name of all that is holy, please stop.
Wow, a lot of people dont know much about how manufacturing works! If you have peak capacity of X, actual average weekly output will necessarily be less than X. First -12 months, it will be much less than X. Impossible to predict exact production ramp S-curve.
There is GWh/yr theoretical capacity, but actual max output is ~2/3. It was physically impossible to make more Model s in Q1 due to cell constraints.
Yes
Yes, all cars with Autopilot or higher, so ~400,000 of Tesla cars built to date
Your interventions do train the NN, but we first verify that the training doesnt cause other issues, so expect step rather than continuous changes in capability
Yes
There will be that too, but economics will favor initial purchase
Hopefully have the order page live before then. If not, will push price change out a bit later.
Not good enough yet. Pushing release by a few weeks. Will be amazing.
Incorrect. Pana cell lines at Giga are only at ~24GWh/yr &amp; have been a constraint on Model output since July. No choice but to use other suppliers for Powerwall/Powerpack cells. Tesla wont spend money on more capacity until existing lines get closer to GWh theoretical.
Tesla will start FSD computer upgrade in a few months
Something like that
Starting May
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
Coming this year
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within days for full refund)
Cryptocurrency is my safe word
Model drive unit &amp; body is designed like a commercial truck for a million mile life. Current battery modules should last k to k miles (1500 cycles). Replacing modules (not pack) will only cost $5k to $7k.
Cool
On April , Investor Autonomy Day, Tesla will free investors from the tyranny of having to drive their own car
Uh its a simulation hello
Da Vinci biography
Malala
That would be cool to do one day
Other automakers change prices constantly &amp; substantially by varying rebates &amp; discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. Tesla is transparent &amp; consistent.
So if we raise prices in the future, will you cut Tesla a check? Cant have it both ways.
Ahem RHD
LHD order page should be live within a few weeks. Deliveries start hopefully June/July.
Coming this year
Good point
Leasing now available for Model
Samwise
Am basically doing continuous AMA on Twitter!
This is true. They each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters &amp; steerable parachutes.
SpaceX team
Made on Earth by humans
Yes
Recovered from water, but undamaged
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink mission later this year.
Thanks on behalf of team! We !
Liquid oxygen
The Falcons have landed
. team would be so honored to fly this for !
Haha exactly
Upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. Will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
Vengeance
Haha sure sounds like it
Probably something notable to announce in a few months
I hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. Symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
Actually true
Found a pic
First flight for Falcon Heavy Block means there is some risk of failure between % to % imo. Many good design improvements from Falcon Heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
I first read this as making wind with
Norway has already proven it could be done last month. No question Australia could do this in far fewer than years.
. copy
No, its better
Building primary structure completion seems on track for May, but then it will take several months to install &amp; activate factory equipment
Love Brunel. Great first name too.
Yes
Mobile can do it no problem
Doesnt matter yet whether you have Tesla FSD computer or Tesla Nvidia-based computer. When it does matter later this year, Tesla will switch the computers for you.
What city?
Two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each SoC having two NN accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
Yes. Working through regulatory approvals.
The Tesla Full Self-Driving Computer now in production is at about % compute load for these tasks or % with full fail-over redundancy
Time flies
Any user input counts
Car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. Just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability &gt;&gt; human.
It will enable video when parked &amp; connected to WiFi. All Tesla Superchargers will have free WiFi over time.
Youre welcome. Thanks for your great photos!
Yeah, Id love to do that
Starhopper
Good idea
Definitely
Already fixed
To make core AP more affordable
That would be cool. Color variation causes havoc though.
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules &amp; processes, so just takes time.
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Precisely
Almost done
Are you on Mad Max Mode? This may be too meek for places like the LA Freeway
Radar
Sure
Exactly
Base AP will have same NN, so core functionality also improves
Many different regulatory authorities. Just takes time.
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon.
Starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits!
Max thrust of tons will be almost % higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block , so were being extra cautious. Launch date might move.
Exactly
drivers in this dataset use Autopilot for % of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.
Hi Nina! So how many would it take? Just between us.
Stay positive
Good point
How much is it?
I think Ive paid for a subscription at least three times, but your paywall keeps forgetting this
Please fix your paywall. Your content is great, but your paywall is not.
Yes
Yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
Thats exactly the idea. Whats not well understood is that Tesla cars being made *today* will be able to do that for you. Just a matter of finishing the software &amp; going through regulatory approval. Will be explained in depth via live webcast on April .
Thanks
Great work with Stripe btw. Much needed.
Im told its looking positive &amp; we will be allowed to continue servicing our cars in Texas
Sentry Mode is barely at V1.0. Will improve a lot in coming months.
Impressive analysis
Only external cameras are being used right now, so internal is not enabled. When it is enabled, well add a setting to disable internal camera.
Also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through nd side windows &amp; rear window.
Its there for when we start competing with Uber/Lyft &amp; people allow their car to earn money for them as part of the Tesla shared autonomy fleet. In case someone messes up your car, you can check the video.
Will take care of it
Improvements coming soon
Yes, needs to drive best clear path. Lane lines are just one input.
Great name
Neural net is upgraded too in this release. Its not just a settings change.
Totally agree. Tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
Starhopper completed tethered hop. All systems green.
Glad you like it! Sorry about the trouble earlier. Helpful feedback for improving the car!
This is way more awesome than it might sound
Night mode default brightness is actually too high imo. Should be lower &amp; allow below current % level. Making that adjustment too.
Agreed
Night mode with % brightness is actually too dark during the day. This is ultimately our fault. We will update our software so that % brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
Change your screen preference from night mode to auto
Fur-curious
These rumors are untrue!
Responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! Weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
Axel F
Obv just someone in a suit. Also, very sus that a is reporting on this.
Dogecoin value may vary
Dogecoin rulz
Uh oh
Dogecoin might be my fav cryptocurrency. Its pretty cool.
Yup
Some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. Hopefully overcome soon.
What could possibly go wrong?
No
Youre so right. Working on it!
That car seemed so advanced when I watched that show as a kid! Knight Industries Two Thousand
And even tinier ones for tardigrades
Yes
Going forward, all Tesla stores will be tiny &amp; have tiny cars
Meant to say young, but spelled it wrong
Ironic stan
If can do this, what cant they do!?
Solid work by Keen, as usual
Norway
Yes
Yes
Seems fair
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter
Making The Onion articles real
Duck emoji FTW
Final edit was on Ableton
Surprisingly difficult to address false positives with rain. System would go nuts trying to wipe away non-existent rain, which was obv ineffective.
Jung
Weve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past months. Really looking fwd to getting Semi into production.
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars
Pre-Happy birthday!
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge Ive ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated.
Coming soon!
No
Wow
This might be my finest work
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
Im disappointed that my record label failed
Emo G Records
Instagram comments are coding in emojis
Also true
True
The quality of emojis varies wildly
Lame
C++ syntax sucks
Assert (Money == Series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. Primary purpose == Information system for allocation of human time. As automation++, value of money--);
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks!
Like the movie Us. Scary but also empathetic.
No, but for sure the other way around!
Also the intense low frequency vibrations that you cant hear, but you can feel in your chest
Were going to try. Side boosters come back to Cape, center core lands on droneship. Latter will be coming in v hot &amp; fast, so dicey.
Annoying that perpetuates myth that Delta IV Heavy or Atlas V can do some orbits that Falcon Heavy cant. This is absolutely false. FH would have to go full expendable for GEO direct, but thats very rare.
Yeah, Falcon Heavy Block has way more performance than last years vehicle. Lot of room to increase side booster load transfer &amp; max Q without changing any parts. FH Block can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying.
Probably no fairing either &amp; just Raptor Vacuum engines. Mass ratio of ~30 (1200 tons full, tons empty) with Isp of . Then drop a few dozen modified Starlink satellites from empty engine bays with ~1600 Isp, MR . Spread out, see whats there. Not impossible.
Retrofits will start when our software is able to take meaningful advantage of the Tesla FSD computer, which is an order of magnitude more capable. For now, its slightly disadvantageous to have Tesla FSD computer, as our software is more refined for HW2.
Anyone who bought FSD will get it
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward HW3 will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important.
Yes. Sensitive propulsion &amp; avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon .
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow.
We should send probes to outer solar system &amp; get high res, true color images of these strange things. Maybe theres an alien artifact out there
Super cool!
Good point
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate.
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability.
Exactly
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team!
No, it is one week either way.
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
lbs!? How puny. Do you construct childrens toys?
Thats exactly it. Youre no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day.
Good point
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it
Yes, otherwise propellant usage for an atmospheric entry would be very high and/or center of mass would need to be very tightly constrained. Yes, but were going to skip that at first to avoid fragging launch pads.
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon.
Thank you!
Will do
Ford has CEOs in years &amp; nobody blinks, but Tesla loses intern &amp; its front page news. I tell ya (shakes fist at sky)
Its possible to make a self-sustaining city on Mars by , if we start in years &amp; take orbital synchronizations
Youre most welcome! Glad to be helpful.
Only when Y is in production
Every car company is constantly changing prices, but nobody cares
Import tariffs, VAT &amp; transport costs
To be clear, this doesnt affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.
To be precise, midnight on April , so effective April
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April
About to be upgraded to Chromium
Reset
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off
If someone has already won a Roadster from a prior program, theyre only eligible to win the signed Performance Y
Sounds like a good idea
How to win the boss fight in Sekiro
No, its cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero &amp; you cant win that prize again. Intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win.
WW
Agreed, you can only win each prize once
Youre welcome!
New Tesla referral program just released
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep &amp; wide
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too.
Jim Cramer explains short-seller market manipulation
Jim cant take the heat
Jim, no response?
Exactly
Best to get a Tesla Powerwall, so you can power your house &amp; also drive
Probably start Australia builds in late May or June &amp; start arriving in winter
Coming soon
Yes, full duration
White-hot parts reached orbital entry temp of around Kelvin
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium &amp; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach or , moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment.
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
Only some of the hottest sections
Full size
We decided to skip building a new nosecone for Hopper. Dont need it. What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle.
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump &amp; combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship &amp; Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations.
Agreed
Raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. Were simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. Throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. Going to % would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed.
Started rolling it out a few days ago. Always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine &amp; stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely.
First (really short) hops with one engine. Suborbital flights with three.
Goes against interests of all Texans
Wow, this is crazy
If someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day , thats fine
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after youve had your Tesla for a week
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at .
Yes!
Definitely down the road, once construction &amp; upgrades arent so crazy
This causes some media confusion, as batch builds &amp; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month &amp; terrible following month, but consumer tastes dont actually vary so much. Massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules.
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations &amp; we try to build in batches to simplify production
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer
Model partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. If we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but thats a lot of complexity.
Exactly! In fact, better to have RWD with winter tires than AWD with summer tires. We appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy AWD, but it isnt critical for snowy regions.
Still get this question a lot, even though Norway has highest Tesla cars per person on (super appreciated!). Also, AWD is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice.
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle.
There was something, but no one caught it
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
Would love to be there this year. If not, definitely next! India
Yeah
Exactly!
London to Beijing Supercharger route
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car.
The hardest joke ever
With pie
Long-term, its about coupling the collective will of humanity to AI. Short-term, its about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems.
Next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. Youre right, its currently too low.
Checking into this
S3XY
OTA
Plug in a USB drive to record video
Comes with , which finishes validation this week
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year!
Yes
Our list prices are our actual prices. Software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate.
Sure, that would be great
Sure
Correct
Thats the plan
Of course
In retrospect, lower price shouldnt have been offered. Was done so because some simply couldnt afford it. Prices revert to normal on Monday.
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
We are still closing stores, just not as many as before. This basically splits the difference about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. Was discussed with exec team &amp; board.
When prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought dont want to write Tesla a check. So it goes.
Yes
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too
Applies worldwide
Yes
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model . Order online at before then for current prices.
Couldnt resolve all the rights issues. Will add another racing game soon.
Ok
Yeah, it might break
Software release later this week should make it better
True (sigh)
True
Probably right. Starship rate of progress far exceeds Falcon &amp; Dragon, although theyre critical to getting there. dInnovation/dt is what matters long-term.
For cargo missions, propulsive land landing should be no problem. Doesnt have same safety criticality as crew.
Pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
Most likely, but this is contingent upon NASA review &amp; approval
Best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
No
Dragon was designed to land using thrusters, with parachutes as backup. Switched to chutes as primary, due to difficulty of proving safety, but Dragon can still do it.
km/h
Raptor on way to Hopper. Will be mounted to vehicle next week.
NK-33 &amp; RD /180 are exceptional
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX! We have always admired your rocket/spacecraft technology.
Thank you on behalf of the people of SpaceX!
All good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
Phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version
Atmospheric entry at mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom.
Yes, invitations go out tomorrow
Getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays &amp; updated software with battery warmup results in &gt;2X improvement in fleet charge time
We will spend or months with public beta of V3 in North America, make sure there are no corner case issues &amp; then begin buildout worldwide.
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from kW to +kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of best case &amp; more than for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to % for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original Model S. Not splitting power across Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to %.
So true
Extremely important merch
Net power to warm pack is especially low when motors are running, as coolant loop routes motor heat to the pack when outside is cold (&amp; rejects motor heat to air when outside is warm)
Yes, but an engine shouldnt count until it flies
Ukraine did play a major role
Very little power &amp; only right before you get to the Supercharger. You wont notice it in range.
If you navigate to Supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
Russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great.
Thanks, that sounds great!
Youre most welcome. Very proud of Tesla team. Super tough years!
Oh stop, youll make me blush
Ok
Yeah, I lift a little
Tesla comms is fixing. That was a mistake.
So cute!
Buddy is like an Earth Pokmon
Gap in understanding is that $35k Model production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. Extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing S-curve.
Yes
No, just literally having toast &amp; jam while playing Jamming
Having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
Yes. Personally, Im most excited by the Tesla Truck. Maybe it will be too futuristic for most people, but I love it.
Yes, anyone will be able to take videos
I believe so
No, that unveil is later this year
Slightly higher drag * slightly higher frontal area affects air friction &amp; mass affects rolling resistance &amp; hill climb. Physics is the law.
Normal
Yes
Detailed specs &amp; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Model Y, being an SUV, is about % bigger than Model , so will cost about % more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
Model Y unveil event on March at LA Design Studio
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed pm
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International
Yes, she would be able to breathe
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on solar arrays.
One day we will be there to see for ourselves
F
Something like this could work
Everyone knows Earth is hollow
I am not a dog. Heres a pic of me:
Model S will be raised to mph too
Thank you. May you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. Also, thank you to , without whom this would not be possible.
Power will increase on all cars. Top speed on P increases to mph. Range on RWD increases to miles.
Yes, new cars and existing fleet
Firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% &amp; top speed by km/h or mph
Spoiler alert: not Porsche
Thank you on behalf of the many people of SpaceX
Lightning bolt right before launch
Earth floats gently in zero gravity
SpaceX Crew Dragon recap
Need to get back to SpaceX launch control. Sorry this solution isnt perfect.
Were trying to make EVs &amp; autonomy more affordable over time. This is the right thing to do. However, we cannot then also retroactively make earlier buyers whole without killing the company.
Will take a few days for system update
Yeah, we need a few days to update the system. If anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
Its not exactly symmetric, but it will come with HW3 upgrade long-term
If you bought enhanced autopilot, FSD upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
If you bought a Tesla before yesterdays price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less)
He is the sensor!
Nope, hes going to float around in zero gravity
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch!
Happy birthday!
Yeah, just use a dryer outlet. High power, easy to install &amp; low cost.
Explanation from Tesla later today
Yes
Haha
Ripley
Base Model available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia to months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be % or more above US number.
Exactly
No reductions from here
For sure. It fundamentally improves quality of life.
Best choice for most people is standard range plus with Autopilot
Exact Tesla Model in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives &amp; takes minute to buy online at
I think we should do something here. Will talk with team &amp; send out a note in next few days.
Should be ~5% peak power increase with March software release
Scheduled for March release, along with many other improvements
Everyone who bought Enhanced Autopilot will get Navigate on Autopilot on highways, advanced summon &amp; autopark
I was being too obvious
Make the Mars Technocracy real
Yay!
ET phone home. No answer
Some Tesla news
Haha
Yes
Stop censoring science!
Because it costs $2500 to transport to east coast &amp; everyone pays same
California
Thursday pm
Rest of SpaceX propulsion still very active, so only ~50 full-time equivalent people right now. That will grow a lot as we enter production. Its X harder (at least) to design engine production system than engine. In automotive, X harder.
Maybe active in a month or so. Focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
Yes, exciting potential
Exactly
Printers are too small. Also, high pressure, high efficiency engines need copper cooling channels with an inco/steel jacket. Cant print yet.
Exactly. This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight.
Tom did an awesome job leading Merlin, Kestrel, Draco &amp; other engine developments from start through that were critical to SpaceXs success. Great respect &amp; appreciation!
Thank you Evelyn, I loved it
Indeed. I have great respect for judges. Its not perfect, but, in general, we should be very glad of the US justice system.
SEC forgot to read Tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states k to k. How embarrassing
Oh hi lol
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Meetings are a valuable use of time!
Theres a in my
Respawn++
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith
Haha true
Its designed to be way better. Well see what reality has to say about that.
Yes, lot of risk
Guys, I have feelings
Focusing on Starship instead
Deorbits &amp; burns up over the Pacific
Upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of Merlin. It will get fragged for sure by aero loads &amp; Dragon abort thrusters.
Including Heavy, which is cores, around or so
Depends on when Crew Dragon comes back. Thats scheduled for launch next Saturday, but lot of new hardware, so time error bars are big.
High probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by Dragon supersonic abort test. Otherwise, at least or missions for Falcon . Starship will take over before the F9 fleet reaches end of life.
Crew Dragon high altitude abort test
Yes
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April.
Always liked Kestrel. It was the Robin Hood of engines.
Advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. Once we have a city on Mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
SN2 has changes that should help
To the first part. I doubt wed create a Dyson ring or sphere.
Yes
Merlins. The max chamber pressure run damaged Raptor SN (as expected). A lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with SN , which is almost done.
Anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. No need though. We have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
Exactly. Super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
You can see the streaks on the vacuum Merlin nozzle in flight videos
Pinter injector tends to have hot &amp; cold streaks. Hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
Essentially, yes. Great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on Mars.
We are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
Yeah, that was a bit embarrassing High engine chamber pressure and ablative dont get along. Ok for low pressure, expendable upper stage.
Thats true Merlin A was terrible. C was ok, D good, but block Merlin (should probably be called E) is something special. Took about years to get there.
Actually, they received (and still receive) almost a billion dollars a year for launch capability. Even if they do zero launches, US govt still gives them that.
Dont know
SpaceX commercial launch market share went from % in to % in . Despite massive subsidies to Boeing/Lockeed, they have never won a fair competition against SpaceX for several years.
Exactly. Thats the critical point for Starship/BFR: more payload than the biggest rocket ever made, but for less money per launch than the smallest (orbital) rocket. Without something that lowers orbital flight cost by X, humanity will never be a multiplanet species.
SpaceX Merlin architecture is simpler than staged combustion (eg SSME or RD), but it has world record for thrust/weight &amp; thrust/cost engine. Raptor has better Isp, but Im worried it may fall short on those two critical metrics.
So true John Clarke
Not true. Limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure &amp; temperature in oxygen preburner
Whoever owns the early BTC deserves a Nobel prize in delayed gratification
That said, I still only own BTC, which a friend sent me several years ago. Dont have any crypto holdings.
I have been chief engineer/designer at SpaceX from day . Had I been better, our first launches might have succeeded, but I learned from those mistakes.
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of probably around k, ie k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about k.
Wont be long before they do
Tesla made cars in , but will make around k in
Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe
The gritty truth
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from
Agreed. Also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
Pics are so clear in space!
That last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
Also, Tesla was competing for some of same people as OpenAI &amp; I didnt agree with some of what OpenAI team wanted to do. Add that all up &amp; it was just better to part ways on good terms.
I had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering &amp; manufacturing problems at Tesla (especially) &amp; SpaceX
To clarify, Ive not been involved closely with OpenAI for over a year &amp; dont have mgmt or board oversight
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel
It will soon
Yes, Autopilot max speed is mph above speed limit off highway or mph on highway
Of course I still love you
This is in addition to existing Cabin Overheat Protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
Yes
It will start out slow to make sure there are no corner case issues and then, if that looks good, speed up next week. We def need to add a Request Latest Update feature!
Updating
Wow,
CNBC - Tesla Model ranked most satisfying car
True, that headline is not exactly going to win a Pulitzer for originality
Probably a month or two. Sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
Some sites maintained an almost daily Tesla deathwatch years ago, reporting with an awful delight. days later
Tesla Model X first SUV to receive a perfect crash test rating via
Bet the other carmakers didnt see that one coming haha
Yeah, but simpler. Needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
Starship &amp; Super Heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version . Very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on Falcon, even though liquid oxygen is /3 vehicle mass &amp; helium weighs basically nothing.
Luke, I am your farter.
Thanks Jack, Twitter rocks!
To air is human
Agreed
Sorry Had a vital mission in Norway Now I am back
True
Moon first, Mars as soon as the planets align
On my bedside table
A biography on Korolev has center place in my study
Just planning on keeping the public informed about progress &amp; setbacks. Will be some RUDs along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
The goodwill of the public is critical to Starships success
At least X cheaper
Very dependent on volume, but Im confident moving to Mars (return ticket is free) will one day cost less than $500k &amp; maybe even below $100k. Low enough that most people in advanced economies could sell their home on Earth &amp; move to Mars if they want.
Yes
This will sound implausible, but I think theres a path to build Starship / Super Heavy for less than Falcon
Close
But not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. Nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
Much above bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of to + bar. Definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
Propellant was not deep cryo. CH4 &amp; O2 were just barely below liquid temp at bar. In theory, Raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. However, only bar is needed for nominal operation of Starship/Super Heavy.
Yes, aiming for sec Isp with vac nozzle. Maybe if we get lucky.
I think where we lit main chamber &amp; several with only preburners
About secs
Definitely! Its amazing that the RD-170 &amp; RD-180 engines held the record for so many decades. Excellent engineering.
Raptor reached bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by engine/test team!
I was simply too sexy for it
Maybe tomorrow
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam &amp; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model s on their way to owners in Europe!
Hope they dont find this pic!
thank goodness its not November
a
I want you too baby
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for mins &amp; secs
Booster center of mass is much lower &amp; more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
Technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). T^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
Rocket booster temperatures wont go much above Kelvin on hottest parts of main body &amp; maybe around K on base, which uncooled steel can handle. Starship is around K for a Mach entry, so needs shielding of some kind.
Prob wise for version to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
Welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. To the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
The Super Heavy booster is only needed on Earth, so think of this as just Starship &amp; sometimes it needs a boost, hence Super Heavy
SpaceX Engineering
Telekinesis
Vaporized some copper
Sentry Mode (and Dog Mode) roll out next week
Design requires at least metric tons of force. Engine reached mT &amp; bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means % to % more with deep cryo.
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship &amp; Super Heavy
Sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through Zeebrugge first time. Cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
Were doing everything we can to get there. Its a super hard grind.
Exactly. Both prices are shown right next to each other &amp; lower price is *actually* the real apples to apples cost vs a fuel car. In fact, for many states in the US, its way better.
VAT of ~20% &amp; import duties of ~10% usually result in a % higher cost in Europe
Mach Diamonds
Glad you like it
Spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners &amp; main chamber
Gaseous CH4/O2 &amp; heavy duty spark plugs. Basically, a of insane power
Will do, although SpaceX reddit is very well-informed. Really impressive analysis by some commenters.
Engine use methox torch igniters. Green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by team!!
We will when it rolls out
Yes
At Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine
soon
Only a matter of time
That might be the ultimate superpower
How Model performs on a long road trip
Im openly moderate. There, I said it.
Haha how is this even real?
No, payload will actually increase
Exactly
I do like nonsense memes. Its true.
Yes
Next few days
looks like sentient choc ice cream
Just bought oh yeah
Whoa cool
No plans to do so. Would recommend Model S.
logarithms
Dammit!
Well tweak the alloy over time, so it wont exactly be , but close
Well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where I mistakenly thought I was smart
Rocket mass ratio is about the same for aluminum-lithium vs stainless full hard at cryo, but latter costs way less, is tougher &amp; doesnt even need paint!
Still up to . Will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
Mostly true
Cold gas thrusters only. Will use body flaps &amp; main engines for landing orientation, so wont need high thrust reaction control. Simplifies things considerably.
Yes
Initially making one metric ton thrust engine common across ship &amp; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) &amp; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at Texas
Yes. Its very rare to find all three.
To be clear, Im confident that a stainless steel ship will be lighter than advanced aluminum or carbon fiber, because of strength to weight vs temperature &amp; reduced need for heat shielding
Will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like F9
Yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide Mach regime &amp; angle of attack
Absolutely. Youve touched on a very important point. The ship must be easy to repair on the moon and Mars.
And Tesla Gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
About orbit synch windows, which are every months, so self-sufficiency around
All our patent are belong to you
Our true competition is not the small trickle of non-Tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the worlds factories every day
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; its happening!
Tasty food!
Its designed for people on a Mars journey
Super appreciate Deepaks year history building Tesla &amp; wish him greatest of happiness in retirement! Zach has been outstanding over his year history with Tesla &amp; will build upon Deepaks legacy.
Sure, which ones?
Youre most welcome! Very thoughtful questions.
Max Tegmark is great
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse
guys standing on roof of skyscraper. st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. He jumps off &amp; is blown back on roof. nd guy tries &amp; goes splat. rd guy: that was a dirty trick Superman.
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey
Entropy is the ultimate boss battle
Haha
tbh smh
Haha true
SpaceX documentary actual footage
All we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!!
Sure hope that happens
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf &amp; Gadget. So much has happened since then
We are so tiny
You drive a hard bargain, but ok
Host meme review?
Its an honor, sir! Thanks for owning a Tesla.
Tap Tesla logo at top of your cars touchscreen &amp; wait secs to open special features box
Still my favorite tweet of all time
Ok, well throw that in too
But, occasionally, the metal version
Haha
Tesla Sentry Mode will play Bachs Toccata and Fugue during a robbery (and keep Summer safe)
All doors unlock automatically when the Tesla comes to a stop after an accident. There is both primary &amp; backup power to doors, brakes, steering &amp; airbags.
Cool that this is happening on many fronts. Looks like a good design by .
Yeah, worked on my cousins farm for six weeks around my th birthday. I was so kewl.
Many cold weather improvements coming via OTA software
So tempting
Its like looking in a mirror!
That would be so cool!
Yes, and my grandfather was from Minnesota with some Scandinavian/German background. Got to hand it to Norway. Thats a great sculpture!
Awesome moose sculpture!
Rough beta in to weeks
Feature has now been in place for months
These are industrial strength. Not recommended for use at home!
Testing metallic heat shield at C (2000F)
Sure. Also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
The youth love em
If test flight of goes well next month, will to this summer!
Actual tanks are fine
~1750K is peak heating expected on about % of Starship for LEO entry, ~1600K on %. Rest drops below K, so no heat shield needed. Radiative cooling at T^4 takes care of % of the ship. Another reason for steel.
I just heard. mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night &amp; fairing was blown over. Will take a few weeks to repair.
S stainless is better for high temp outer skin, as it can take ~1450 Kelvin, so active cooling with cryogenic fuel only has to mitigate degrees of delta temp
Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved.
Since its part of safety &amp; security, all cars with AP2+ hardware will get it
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot
Yes. Also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze &amp; block cooling channels.
Coming soon. Lots of unique road markings &amp; signs in each country.
When going to ~1750 Kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
untrue
Roughly to minutes for light to travel from Earth to Mars
Director of CERN asked me about Boring Co building the new LHC tunnel when we were at the . Would probably save several billon Euros.
Yes
Blood moon over LA tonight ()
The zooms around the world about every mins
Tesla is the safest car according to US govt testing
I wish them well. Track record in auto startups is tough. Thousands of US auto startups, but only Ford &amp; Tesla have avoided bankruptcy. A similar scenario is likely in all countries.
Wow
Yup
Thanks, good idea!
Yes, ending on Feb . Its adding too much cost to the cars, especially Model .
Order must occur before Feb
No, the whole referral incentive system will end
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb . If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla &amp; give them months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
I think some of them should combine forces. Talent is spread too thin.
Dragon was originally designed to land with thrusters, but its not the right architecture for heavy transport to the moon or Mars, so we decided not to qualify it for thruster landings
How many electric vehicle startups are there? Seems like a lot.
Teslarati is very thoughtful &amp; well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by SpaceX
The LA Times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on SpaceX &amp; Tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
The source info is incorrect. Starship &amp; Raptor development is being done out of our HQ in Hawthorne, CA. We are building the Starship prototypes locally at our launch site in Texas, as their size makes them very difficult to transport.
Haha youre welcome! Hope youre doing well.
About $15M/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750M plus maybe $50M/station
Glad you like it
Yes
LA is so beautiful after the rain
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from viewport
Falcon comes home
We are not yet offering the mid range Model in Europe
Which country? There is a % import duty, ~20% VAT (US prices dont include sales tax) and about $2000 in extra shipping cost, but it shouldnt add up to $25k.
View of SpaceX Dragon berthed with in the last Cupola opening. Dragon (Crew Dragon) launching soon.
Ok
Obv must be more pointy tho
It needed to be made real
Haha
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon Hopper
Body/tank diameter is m or about ft
Should be done with first orbital prototype around June
Yes
Yes
Yes
This is for suborbital VTOL tests. Orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (wont wrinkle) &amp; a smoothly curving nose section.
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering.
Yes
Getting some regulatory pushback. May not be available in all regions.
Going through final validation &amp; regulatory approval. Probably releases to early access program owners in a few weeks. Its trippy!
Yes
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements
Def not
Yes
Starting on Monday, Tesla will no longer be taking orders for the kWh version of the Model S &amp; X. If youd like that version, please order by Sunday night at
Good idea
Its an option
Vertically or horizontally?
No problem
Plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
I dont think the law fully anticipated this situation. So probably yes for a while.
Im not. Will use SpaceX cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the rear seats.
It will be
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason
The new Roadster will actually do something like this
And now we dance!
Great thread
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of /Y for greater China. All Model S/X &amp; higher cost versions of Model /Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
Shanghai Giga output is just for greater China, not North America. Affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
Shanghai Giga production of Model /Y will serve greater China region
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
Looking forward to breaking ground on the Shanghai Gigafactory today!
Good sign that almost no Model owners want to sell their cars!
Yes, will be extremely intense. Early flights are especially dangerous, as theres a lot of new hardware.
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Falcon on launch pad with Crew Dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway
Spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. We used that for the Hyperloop vacuum tunnel. However, Starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
Exactly
Its all in the way you say it
Matt DeBord reviews all Tesla models via
I do love Tintin
More on this in a few months
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc.
Aiming for weeks, which probably means weeks, due to unforeseen issues
Good shot of Starship flight test vehicle being assembled in Boca Chica, Texas
Engines currently on Starship hopper are a blend of Raptor development &amp; operational parts. First hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in California. Probably fires next month.
Haha
Not yet
Thats a reasonable question
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon
Probably
Thats what I heard
Life is made of ups &amp; downs
Appears to be simulations all the way down
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
Wutf
What you think I do
Ok
srsly
To a dyslexic agnostic, there is no
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
There are no coincidences
Model mid-range EPA rating is actually miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of
Checking
Reveals wheels?
Weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
Btw, I like your gaming equipment
Sounds great, will connect you with Tesla Energy
Singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery &amp; be energy-independent
Yes, support of the Chinese government is very much appreciated
Govt has been unwelcome
Congratulations!
Great work by Tesla Team!
Congratulations team!!
Thanks!
Haha
Haha
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Good summary of Tesla progress in by (due to Tesla team, not me though) via
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
Ok
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Exactly
Yes
Probability at % &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
Congratulations
Coming soon
Yes
Got it
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville &amp; across Mexico.
Yep
Yes
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to % of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
Ok
Wow!
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!!
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Sigh
Yes
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Glad youre ok!
Starship will look like liquid silver
Haha
Maybe
Much less
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Yes! People are almost always surprised to learn that Earths gravitational reach is infinite. Zero gravity is achieved by zooming around Earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time.
Engineering is true magic
Yezzz
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Thanks!
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons &amp; Mars.
Coldformed at cryo
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
Exactly
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
Yes
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel &amp; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
Coming soon
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Only if Dawkins joins
Interesting
Bajirao Mastani
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Yes
Haha
Namaste
Needs a warmup
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
Ok
Autopilot doesnt need the guide wheels. Theyre only there if there is a complete system failure. Turns will definitely be banked in future.
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
Exactly
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; I think theyre right. Might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. So long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
Precisely
Presentation starting at :15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
Actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Yes
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Yeah, I wrote that back in , almost years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. It takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla!
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Tis
Medieval Futurism
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Thanks!
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
Congratulations!
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
You got it
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
Zero Suit
God Fire
ramen is sooo good
Exactly
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
About to days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
No need to wait. Its super easy to swap the HW2 and HW3 computers. Sensors are the same.
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Yes
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
Probably next month
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
Probably end of next year
So true
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Machete!!
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car -2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldnt exist or would have started much later.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe &amp; later China.
Buying took over a decade, $11M &amp; amazing amount of effort. Didnt like even when we were only making .
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Yes
Interesting
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
As far as we know, its the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. Major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Us too sigh
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
satellites on this flight!
Were adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the Tesla neural net in coming months
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Youre all hired!
Yes no maybe
None shall pass!
Ok
Good advice
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
Glad youre ok
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
You got it!
Three things, one of which is CH4
No
No
Reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. Cant wipe it off.
Haha
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
True
Both
Your Tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
One day
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
Update soon
Sorry
Boring breakthrough
Definitely
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
That would be cool
Haha kinda true
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Yes
This is completely backwards. Based on what weve learned from the Hawthorne test tunnel, were moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under LA. Wont need a second test tunnel under Sepulveda.
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Tiny wizard
to years
Engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Touch
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Not yet
trouble
Earth is
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Signing off for a while
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Starships were meant to fly
Starship Tooters
Good one
Good idea
Coming soon
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
Later versions will
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Renaming BFR to Starship
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
Yes
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
No, its got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original Roadster. Still, it would probably only save about % to % of effort, all things considered.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Lot on our plate, so its either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from Daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. Not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. Priority list is Model Y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, Roadster.
Ok
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Absolutely agree
Investigating
Probably mid
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service &amp; lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA &amp; USAF are supportive.
Radical change
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Missed miku concert sigh
Listening to Better Now
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
Haha
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
While (!castle) {brick++};
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Fortnite irl
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
We have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains dont leave often.
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Yes
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Easily accessible energy
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Yes
Will try again next month
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Is he ok?
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for grant money. They earn vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
That is true &amp; should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Good, but not hospital grade. S &amp; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Cool
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield &amp; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
But comments are
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec . Runs parallel to freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to .
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Zeroth Law
Foundation of psychohistory
I am not
True
B or !2B
Love Oumuamua jokes
Remember the future
Oh hi guys lol
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
So underappreciated
Ok
Ok
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
What is love?
Bikini Bottom
Fair
Yes, that is how
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Wow thats cool!
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Haha
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Yes
Definitely
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa &amp; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China &amp; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California &amp; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob to weeks
v true
cute
Haha
Bring Me the Horizon
Aiming for next week
Norway
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas &amp; East Coast in st half of quarter
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
Um yes
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say whos the pet now
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid &amp; park.
Cool haha
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Dont worry, well make it right
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Isnt it obvious?
Worth it
True
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
Haha
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Lacks scale
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Exactly
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
Glad youre ok
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
Good question
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
I wish
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes Zorbix
Sir, I would never
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
Making progress
I said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Its pretty hot
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Ok
Fire and Ice
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Love the Concorde
Bound to happen
Yes
Time
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
Midnight
My twitter feed rn
Then the hell with science!
Not moths tho
Send me ur dankest memes!!
in
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model was product alone.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Same
Howd they know!?
Around mid
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Working on it
That is correct
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Wanna buy some Bitcoin?
And I own a chibi Wolverine
ianime
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get days to return for refund, else day
Former
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
Good point
Interesting
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Under LA (Hawthorne)
mph | km/h
Opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
Pretty close, actually
I think real
Opens Dec
The first tunnel is almost done
N00B!
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Good idea!
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Coming soon
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Digital Style!
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Exactly
Coming
Yes
Reality is hard
Online doesnt count
Coming soon
No
Thats next
Had to been done ur welcome
I hope this is true!
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model &amp; super simple new order page
Week or two
Love the Reddit comments too
Dog saves her puppies
y
Youll see
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Special Circumstances
Yes
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Insightful article by David
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I believe its $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between % &amp; %
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU &amp; better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
Model motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Yes
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
It is time to create a mecha
NERV
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Love Your Name
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
Towelie
Good idea!
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Yes
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Visual approximation
Teslaquila coming soon
Glad youre safe
Beautiful picture
Yes, its hard to find. Not sure why.
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
This is incorrect
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Studebaker Museum in South Bend
Punctuality is not my strong suit
Wed be nothing without our fans
Because is obviously louder than
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
It sure does. Very reliable.
You are right
A reminder of why its important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Warms my
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
(Credit )
Falcon has landed
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
What city &amp; what Model config?
My fav character
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Yes
Yes, but in that were creating a generalized autonomy solution. Must work in millions of strange situations.
Blade Runner Esper Edition Vangelis
Actually, its of forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. External cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
Fair point
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Only if theyre extremely tiny
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
Rococo Basilisk is
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
The big funds can &amp; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
This is amazing
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
True
Sorry about the typo. That was unforgivable. Why would they be upset about their mission? Its what they do.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Great verdict
Could be worse
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Naughty by Nature
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
That was intense
i
!! Will take action.
And remember
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Tesla Owners
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Tricky one
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Probably for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
Haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Wow, glad theyre ok!
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Tesla Rangers!
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Yes
True
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
Will do. Love Reddit.
Space Bar
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Very close
Always
Yes
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Very interesting
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Yes, I do
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
With lasers
My fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Ok
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Forward moving wing
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Awesome
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Yes
Yeah, thats our problem. Service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes &amp; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
True
"Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. """
Hi Dustin!
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in + years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Wut?
Haha
Intentionally so
Electric cars made with sunlight
Yes
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
Thoughtful feedback
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Looks cool
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
is about the right cell size, but I dont recommend copying our current module design. Far too difficult to manufacture.
Like sands through the hourglass
types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont
Will do soon, as promised
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
I am a business magnet
Good times with
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Tesla st, nd &amp; rd in August sales
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
Sorry, weve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. If need be, were repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. Got to be done.
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
V cool
So you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is .
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Its coming, I swear
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Sure
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
Most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. Now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Maybe
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Whats cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Its almost done
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
This is actually real
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids &amp; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Ok
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
So many saved drafts. So so many.
Im dying to
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good &amp; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
Coming soon
Definitely
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Didnt like it
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Excession
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Version
Ford &amp; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Great meeting you!
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen &amp; company. Our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
Model review by Unbox ... via
Missile Command &amp; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Blue too
Hex nostalgia
e f f d f e
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &amp; Katz and Munger, Tolles &amp; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Model traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
Great Q&amp;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model &amp; bringing Y to market
He was amazing
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Busted
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
Of course
Unis3x
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
S3XY
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
Awesome
Love this from P&amp: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Yes
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every months or so (like SpaceX)
No change
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares &amp; go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Yes
I dont have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Good morning
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Maybe Thursday
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Yes
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
Early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless youre prepared to have something go wrong
Tesla Autopilot Team
Everywhere
Much more interesting
Games &amp; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X &amp; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S &amp; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Glad youre enjoying Model &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0.
Yup
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
The humans
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Very tiny
Performance Model review by
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Still as true today as it was years ago
Squirrels
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Definitely
Bioshock is amazing
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Cool idea!
Good idea &amp; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Yup
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Science
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert &amp; raise you a Chris McKay
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
We should be really worried about this
No
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
Were adding a party &amp; camper mode soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. Great background.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Yes, minifloats
Yes
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
-bit floating point?
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Yes
The future is accelerating
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
This is great.
Thanks Phil
Machines that go ping
Whats technology?
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Wagnerian
Yes
Mtor Trnd
Great!
Weve gone from ~1000 S/X deliveries per week in US last year to ~6000 S/3/X. Its like hitting a square wave.
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here &amp; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Haha
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Wall Street
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
Yes, Tesla Model S, X &amp; all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
Ok
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Hes a good guy
Always look on the bright side of life
It is much better
Sorry
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Dont make me bite my thumb at you
For sure
Btw, is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
No kidding
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago &amp; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
This chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not US government missions. Other US refers to Boeing &amp; Lockheed. Their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
I wish
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
Good point
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about % of what I donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone.
Actually true
Hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely &amp; smell first. Ur welcome.
Lvl Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yes
Wizard alien
Yeah, but I got gp &amp; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
Interesting read
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Performance version suspension is cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Would love to. Its been too long.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
Sure
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
So true
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sounds good
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Damn, now I want donuts
Yeah
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Great move
Why sir
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Good point
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Well it looked smaller on paper
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Should be very soon. Weve already made around Model Performance cars for test drives in stores.
Exactly
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Already have
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
The former Thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as rescue chief) is not the subject matter expert. That would be Dick Stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. This is our direct correspondence:
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
Ok
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Thanks, but weve not done anything useful yet. It is all other people.
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is cm
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
It is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Python
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Turbo
C
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
Yes
Yes
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
Yes
handles/hitch points on front &amp; on rear. air tank connections on front &amp; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Ground winds would
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Cant be too buoyant
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Good idea
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Interesting
Great, thanks
Inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand &amp; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water wont come in
Does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX &amp; Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd &amp; rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
Maybe worth trying: insert a m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you &amp; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
I didnt ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots dont work for me. They just dont like hypocrites.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos &amp; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Are you % certain that stands by &amp; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
True
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
What a coincidence
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. , I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Happy to support
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Belfast is beautiful
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set &amp; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
I suspect that the Thai govt has this under control, but Im happy to help if there is a way to do so
You never know ..
Loona
Ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
Noted
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Whoop whoop
The Spice Flows
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Sure
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
cars, days Tesla Team
Then whats this wand for?
Who likes short shorts?
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Excession
Engineering is magic
Love Awesomo
Space Laser
Spacebow
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow.
Open the Knaack HAL
obv
the money
Follow the
Busted. Its me.
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks Bill
Paint shop
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more &amp; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We didnt steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, We didnt benefit from it, We dont want it, And we still offered to pay for it. You are a jackass.
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Bronco rocks
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
For sure
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Youre welcome!
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
That goes without saying
lb towing capacity
It will
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically &amp; have degree cameras &amp; sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Virtue signaling is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
We must aspire to truth
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
True
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
This Washington Post article seems good
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
This doesnt take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). This is why Tesla.
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old &amp; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
Good news coming soon
Yes
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Life is good
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
So strange
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Its real
Thanks!
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum &amp; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Road, Hawthorne
.sus
haha
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
So big you cant believe it
srsly
Vicious torque
Tesla factory rn
Good catch!
Exactly
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Thanks
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Its called Top Secret
Yes
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Sure
Congratulations!
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Dune. The spice must flow.
We power the press in . Ironic.
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Exactly
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of % seems about right. Below % is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above % too negatively affects economic output.
Cool video
Thank you for helping those in need
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Yup
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Original Star Wars
Hahaha
Die frhliche Wissenschaft und Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu Behalten
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are they?
Where are you going to march?
That seems unlikely
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
I am one of the top donors to
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
I think so
I hope the kids are ok
Shelter
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
They look beautiful
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga &amp; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
No
Needed another general assembly line to reach k/week Model production. A new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in weeks. Tesla team kfa!! Gah, love them so much
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Your union brothers
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Thanks, good advice
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks &amp; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla &amp; me via rd parties.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it &amp; attacked me personally
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years &amp; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford &amp; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Engels wrote nd &amp; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldnt care less.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Iron pyrite
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Youre just a troll/bot, but I will reply anyway. I arrived in Montreal at by myself with $2k. No support, no contacts, nothing. Father said Id fail &amp; be back in months.
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
You think all companies are bad and all unions good? Thats a very bigoted position.
Well said
Then youll be fine
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesnt work. UAW and Wall Street shorts know every detail of whats happening at Tesla. Storm clouds are gathering, so theyre getting desperate.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash Tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. Such creeps.
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
Iain certainly wasnt pro-union in the Culture books. At all. And wouldnt be in the case of Tesla. Banks was about freedom through &amp; through. Maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), I would be too, but thats a special case.
SX &amp; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Love you too
Fair point
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldnt resist)
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd &amp; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Ok
The enemy of my enemy is myself
Exactly
Libertinarian
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I disagree with that goal &amp; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
lol
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Yes
Sigh
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Lake Show
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
No
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
A socialist
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
What is yours?
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
I always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of Green Eggs &amp; Ham
Foundation Series &amp; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks &amp; George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. Its pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
My donations are anonymous
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dankonia
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; were never going to make them again.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
Not recommended for urban environments
Yes
The actual amount of time I spend on Twitter is tiny. My tweets are literally what Im thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
Add an R for Roadster
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
Will do
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU &amp; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
years ago, when my st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly
Terms &amp; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
Yes
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Coming soon
I think so
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
First Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today!
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on % renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Definitely. Will also have Augmented Mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. Like a flying metal suit, but in car form
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S &amp; X w HW2 Autopilot &amp; all Model cars.
Working on improving
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Tip of the day
Coming soon
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little
Good morning, Sonic. Not sure how to break it to you, but
We have about projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Definitely
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Next year
Twitter is so dark
No no
That is horrifying
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The future
Exactly!
I was an alien
Usually, they dont even realize it. All they know is that some PR agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. That is the true nature of the corruption. It is rare that US media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
Actually true!
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everythings just fine
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Glad youre ok!
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Mid for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model should be second best in world after Model S/X. Still super good, but we went a little on S/X.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
Model S &amp; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
Do it
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Natrlich
Definitely
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Finders keepers
Hi !
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Hell of a week
Just for perspective
True, no one is perfect
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
Ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
Prob
Yes
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
Pneumatic means propelled by air. Opposite of Hyperloop.
Braking &amp; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
Yeah, absolutely
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
Like you guys too
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design &amp; SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Peace
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science &amp; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Exactly
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Yeah
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Yes
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
You have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Good school
Had a great time with my kids
Yes
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Thanks
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Youre missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Yup, deleted
? It should
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky tires.
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
Keyword future
Will do another rev before final design
I was
Thats what I had in mind
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Its not
Thats a great song!
Sometimes when I have hurt feelings, I play this song
No, thats the other guy
So true
Because Twitter is fun
USAToday FTW!
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
But femtotech is the future
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that dumb public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh...
A Tesla has a usable reserve of to miles range even after the battery reads empty. This will not hurt the pack.
Pretty good. TinTin A &amp; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
Its cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening
Gwynne has been prez of SpaceX for years &amp; well-deserved
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe &amp; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Worth a shot
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
The Tesla facility is open plan &amp; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
No
Nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law &amp; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
Done
Have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Be careful what you wish for
Amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll
My point exactly
Ahem, you have nano in your bio. That is % synonymous with bs.
Reddit is great
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product &amp; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Gasoline or diesel?
What car do you drive?
March
The media
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Definitely
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Yo
Thats the basic idea
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
If youre in media &amp; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
Ive never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. UAW abandoned this factory. Tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. They havent forgotten UAW betrayed them. Thats why UAW cant even get people to attend a free BBQ, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
Of course
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
No, theyre just some rich kids in Berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
Will do
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Thats why editors are included too
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Even if some of the public doesnt care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
Exactly
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis &amp; Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
Thanks. Not super fun right now
Busted
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Great idea!
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM &amp; Chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago &amp; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote &amp; find out.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM &amp; Chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over &amp; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Good point
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of class lords &amp; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, &amp; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler &amp; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
No problem
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
I didnt meet with him
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Have been meaning to get around to talking to him. Some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasnt fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
ABS calibration algorithm
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Stop, youre making me blush
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Very strange. Model is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money &amp; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla &amp; live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
Exactly ! That will be really fun &amp; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
Yes
Exactly
They can form a union whenever they want &amp; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
They are correct. Its awesome. Second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from Model S. Traction control precision is super tight.
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Good idea ...
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; dont get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec &amp; top speed to mph.
Black &amp; white interior available only for Model Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
Exactly
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
Im about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
AC induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed &amp; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
He taunts us with his speed
Just an ordinary snail
His name is Gary &amp; hes a snail
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
lol
Listening to REALiTi
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Yes
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Yes
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Lovely story
If someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. I would gladly obey their instructions, but I cant figure them out.
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over &amp; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
Good piece by Ars
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Yo
Will make that a setting
Fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, hours a day, days a week
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla &amp; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Launching in ~4 mins
AWD &amp; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD &amp; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
A cool thing about the design is thats easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S &amp; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X &amp; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter
So rococo
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Stole it
We sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Hi Danielle!
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
Thats a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Prob iTunes, but whatever works u is fine. Most people dont buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. Mostly about touring.
Flesh without Blood &amp; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Love Powerglide too
Yes
Rococo basilisk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
(Sigh) I do like Ty, but shes a friend. We are not dating.
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. Its actually true.
Im killin me lol
lol
Hi Sarah
Then Im going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Cryptocandy
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
What do you think were living in?
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
Im starting a candy company &amp; its going to be amazing
This will be bigger
I try so hard to help them
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
New Roadster will have that
Yes, definitely not
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Yup
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S &amp; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Exactly
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp; X are producing major positive cash flow &amp; Model is about to do same.
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Youre most welcome
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place &amp; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
Woke Frisbee
La la la
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Ars Technica
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Ok
Thats how I use my eyebrows too
I have prehensile eyebrows
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Dont make me use my space lasers
I know such an underserved market
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex &amp; Psycho on playlist
Mostly not
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working /7 to activate several hundred more.
Russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Doing our best
Now
Driving a Model and playing
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
We already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in Pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesnt become a dead satellite. Need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like Mr Steven.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Too wasted to remember
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in Q3 &amp; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Maybe a little
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
I love trolls
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Place your bets
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
How many views?
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Free viewing ends in about hours
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Similar timing
So probably July
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
The cat videos are awesome
at M views after hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Exactly
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
This is false
Oh, its on
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven
What about this?
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
As you wish
Its the best
"Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by ""Teslaquilla"" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!"
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Important news in a few hours
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
Everythings better with fire
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Tru drat
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel &amp; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
And they said Id never be a rock star
Yes
Uhh, its literally made of rock
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Prob May
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Shocker
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Youll live
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB &amp; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Ok
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Literally never seen it even once
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Whats Facebook?
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
Umm...yes
Yes
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sorry
Model X pulls a lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
Thanks!
Sounds like this canton has style!
Ok
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Better to be in the Model X
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Petra and Mars
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel &amp; Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
Yes
Good point
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Resist
Thinkularity
Thud!
Great idea!
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
On the Westworld set with my bro
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
No, its not
None of the above
Tunnels
Because blue
I guess you could say its a mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. So, yes, a bus.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Definitely
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. Its a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone cant afford a car, they should go first.
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Heavy sigh
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US &amp; China should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Depends on what you mean by doom
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Almost done
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
And New York
And we are even worse than that in California
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
About a month
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon as it falls back from space at
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Thats just random
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
My new toaster
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
No
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Of course
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Love and Rockets
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt.
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Currently over Australia
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ and
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for :45 liftoff
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Flight profile
Live webcast of the launch at
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Thanks
Regular departures ...
Starman in Red Roadster
Florida time
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Mars Awaits
Pale blue dot
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowies Life on Mars.
Customs problem solved!
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they wont allow shipment of anything called a Flamethrower. To solve this, we are renaming it Not a Flamethrower.
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Release candidate in final testing phase
No
I think weve figured it out
Yes
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Flamethrowers sold out
Of course
Yes
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
From the worlds leading experts in zombie defense
Now thats a real flamethrower
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
k
~3k
So hard to keep future product releases secret
k
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Coming soon
Sure
Sentience is overrated
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
Ok
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
The rumor that Im secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Hmmm
Unless you like fun
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
ordered already, only left!
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Dont do this
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
Great for roasting nuts
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Say hello to my little friend
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so.
Check for updates
Done
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Near
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
Coming very soon
Vastly better maps/nav coming soon
Ok
Sure
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
Was gonna say well do all but the last, but that last one sounds like good, cheesy fun
Should be in next update
Done
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry for the delay. We have the most advanced AI neural net of any consumer product by far, so its going through exhaustive testing. The results are blowing me away though and I think you will have a similar experience.
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail. So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that youd truly love. I hope you do. How can we improve further?
We will! At least, whatever is left over after we build the obelisks.
The circle is complete
Ok
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
It does often seem that the most entertaining belief or outcome is the most likely to prevail
True
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Yes
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Isnt it obvious?
If you liked tonights launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: rocket cores &amp; X thrust. cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. rd lands on droneship.
Never heard of it
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
It was definitely aliens
Launch underway
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
How much is it?
I love Twitter
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Pics soon
With people around, so you can see scale
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Knight Rider is real
Thanks!
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Wheres the evidence!?
I also support the Concave Earth and Hollow Globe Societies. Just covering my bases
HG2G
k
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Sorry
Youre an idiot
This depressingly misleading &amp; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Yes
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
Yes
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Safest flamethrower ever
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Over hats sold!
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first
Yes
Do it
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary
Deal
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Beyond anything you can imagine
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Because its stupid
Maybe
Every th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy
Hat
Yes
Busted
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
I love the thought of a car drifting apparently endlessly through space and perhaps being discovered by an alien race millions of years in the future
Red car for a red planet
Yeah
Yes
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
What does it look like?
Racing video part
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
Electric pods for sure. Rails maybe, maybe not.
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
Kinda
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
int main(){}
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Wow, they played D&amp in D&amp
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Adjusting soon
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Good point
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Tesla Semi
to km/h in sec
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
... say scientists among other insights gained after a large vat of LSD overturned in the lab. Also discovered: humans are just sentient sponges, drywall tastes like a marshmallow and gravity is real. The last point remains heavily debated.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Sure ...
"""If one day, my words are against science, choose science."" Mustafa Kemal Atatrk"
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Atatrk Antkabir
One rocket, slightly toasted
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Its true tho
Groan
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
A reminder of the youth of our year (to be generous) civilization. We are not even a flash in the pan compared to the year age of Earth. I won't even bother mentioning the age of the Universe.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
But the hat is real!
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Now at hats
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
It all comes full circle
"Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. ""And be my love in the rain."""
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
Almost hats sold so far. Whoever buys the th gets a free hat with their hat!
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
The world's most boring hat
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
And other places
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds &amp; driving that thru air skiis &amp; rearward for thrust.
Party time!
"To be more inclusive, how about a ""pick your tech level"" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ..."
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
No, but I do have a Gundam Wing
This weekend
Just posted a photo
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Everything all at once
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Jupiter is big
Don't underestimate the power of chakras
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Assume the worst. Now I need to get back to work...
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
"There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is ""What color?"". Don't need a configurator for that."
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Yeah
I'm doing my best to recalibrate, but that is a fair criticism. However, if I wasn't inherently optimistic, I wouldn't be doing electric cars and rockets in the first place!
Med medical equipment has priority
Probably to weeks
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Or do you?
High pain tolerance
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire &amp; train local team as fast as possible.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes &amp; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
We should definitely get a room ...
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Final episode was disgustingly good
I believe I can fly
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
Homes on Jupiter with solar-power *and* a Powerwall going right now for great price!
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful &amp; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
Yup
Part
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
Moon Base Alpha
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Just another day in the office
Congrats Mom! I love you.
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
Yes, I did
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Yes
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Good
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Don't give up if the cause is important enough, even if you believe you are walking into doom. Good friends really matter.
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Does my hivemind count as me?
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
In discussions with national govt. Just need a temporary reprieve on local content requirements until we can build a factory in India.
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
Of course
High res version at
Most of it
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Actually ... yes
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Promise to be as boring as possible!
Yes
Exactly
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Fun, exciting tweets coming soon!
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Govts don't need to follow normal laws. They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint, if necessary.
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Zeroth Law
It begins ...
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water &amp; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Not sure, but probably
Feature coming soon
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
That's pretty much why we did it
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
Brakes
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Yes, it is
A tiny one
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
No such thing as true vacuum, so actually yes
Call it ~800mph
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only miles long. Very high accel/decel needed
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
Funny thing is, whenever I suggest all companies go to zero incentives, room gets very quiet. That's because others get a lot more than us.
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
"Tesla does not really have ""TTunes"". That's a joke."
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Neuralink is not raising money
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Probably m or so
Exactly. Yeah.
Intentionally? Yes
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
I played those games
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
I'm not the CEO of Ball Mason Jars. Also, not judging
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
I can't hide the truth any more
Yes
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Yeah, but not a priority right now
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
"We are going to move all info and settings to the ""cloud"" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you"
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Totally agree. This was a foolish oversight.
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Will prob do something like that
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I love Kermit
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
I want one too!
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X!
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
For sure
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
OpenAI + Dota
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
Coming soon ...
Hi Mom!
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
This is about as true as TIME being a paragon of great journalism. Please spend at least seconds checking your facts.
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter &amp; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
MB was given weeks of salary &amp; stock in appreciation for her great contribution &amp; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors &amp; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
I agree. Working on it ...
It's only a matter of time
y
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
Are you complaining that we are not complaining enough?
And let's not forget the forum on which we are posting I've heard - now this is just a rumor - that people say mean things on Twitter.
Like I said ...
It gets really dark
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
I guess a proof of concept is needed
Looking forward to launching astronauts to the International Space Station next year!
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
No, must brake safely to a halt
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Sure hope so
Batteries!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Umm ...
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
Yeah
The reality is great highs, terrible lows and unrelenting stress. Don't think people want to hear about the last two.
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control &amp; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Model Interior
Yes
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Yes
Sure
Watched them personally to make sure &amp; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
First!
Second
Third
Project Loveday winners ...
Setting up for Model handover tomorrow night ...
If we're lucky
Sides run high thrust, center is lower thrust until sides separate &amp; fly back. Center then throttles up, keeps burning &amp; lands on droneship.
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November
Tesla team will verify
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Movie on the subject coming soon...
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket &amp; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Kinda have to
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries &amp; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state &amp; city discussions.
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Support would be much appreciated!
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Plan is to do powered landings on Mars for sure, but with a vastly bigger ship
y
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels &amp; confused shorts.
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Not true. Email from customer.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
y
It is true, so fine by me
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
It's what you don't say
I do have one question. What does GoDaddy mean?
Good point
Fixed. Now it's good.
Yes
Stay tuned
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Just checked and yes
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
We do that too, but for free
Hopefully
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy.
That doesn't sound right
"Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed (""Other US"" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not."
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
Cool!
The very near future, not, like, the far away future
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Of course!
On University Ave, above the old bakery
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
That's probably the best use
Cool
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
"Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a ""posse"" &amp; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery."
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
First Production Model
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Never heard of them
Stop biting my finger dammit
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
Thanks ! Really proud of the rocket and SpaceX team today. Min apogee requirement was km, Falcon achieved km.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket &amp; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
Model passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
Norway is awesome
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones &amp; most laptops are made.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
Coming later today
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it.
Suggestions welcome!
I think Einstein said that
Or does the Earth move up?
This is a really great floor
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Across the road and below the ground
Perspective
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
News on Sunday
Because it's off the wall
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Exactly
Me too
Yes, but arguably that's worse
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
A floor that moves
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
Not as much as tunnels though
They are so underappreciated
They will never let you down
I love floors
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
Thanks, but I am
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack &amp; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Down the road, they will not even be repainted between launches. Aiming to be able to relaunch same orbital rocket booster in &lt;24 hours.
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Still humans
Significantly improves control force
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
Rocket was suddenly slammed sideways right before landing. Heavy gust or something malfunctioned onboard. Reviewing telemetry.
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power &amp; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
Sticking to
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Technically, Ironyman
Thanks! Looks cool.
Damn, I forgot bacon
In life, there are no easy choices
Do want irony on social media?
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Radiation
Groan
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
Will extend
Over km should be possible in a D with the right tires
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts &amp; radiative view factor is low.
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer
Cool
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries &amp; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
There's a plot!?
ujelly?
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Nothing beats the shoe phone that is also a real shoe
But then I get paid less
Backup valve shows no sign of leaking, but yeah
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
It's time they knew
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
So soon you won't believe it
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
Hawthorne, California
Flying through the Falcon Factory
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
How'd you know?
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars &amp; beyond, regardless of nationality
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly &amp; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Slow at first, then very fast. Def not hover.
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
Damn Stonecutters!
"Was no ""company"", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees &amp; didn't even own Tesla Motors name."
Disruption certainly. Deep AI is the real risk, though, not automation.
Exactly
Congrats Robb!
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
"Worth watching ""Who Killed the Electric Car?"" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction"
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs &amp; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
"Good point, will add ""cancel nav"" to voice commands"
Too awesome
Must ipso facto half not bee
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Yeah, car should auto play when it gets an exact match, like it does for directions. Will make that change.
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Cool
No, it's not!
Yes
Tap cancel on the screen
"Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say ""Play Monty Python"" or ""Navigate home"" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well."
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
Yeah, coming back
Coming soon!
Partly
Possibly my favorite skit
Might work in Canada too
I mean also
Not yet
Yeah
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
It's on the car. Might add it to the Tesla app at some point, so you get it on your phone if you have a Powerwall or Tesla solar.
My favorite for sure
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Love Monty Python so much
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Yeah
Yeah
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Could be worse
We can either give up hope &amp; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
The Boring Company is in Hawthorne and has already approved the permit
Thanks Such an outrageous lawsuit. People sometimes underestimate strength of US judiciary. Lot of respect for the judge &amp; jury system.
Read
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
You're welcome!
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Seems that way
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Yeah, I counted
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Obviously
SEC disclosures, etc
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Or is it more about the way you use it?
I hope I'm wrong
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Great comedy! They should write for .
Most likely
Also, we will have a very high headcount around each Gigafactory keeping it running. They just won't be doing boring, repetitive tasks.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
California Cabernet
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
He was great though
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Proud of my Mom
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Exactly
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Good point
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
Coming soon
Yeah
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
And then some
Yeah, it was great!
Piggyback rides around the Opera House
Sydney is such a beautiful city
A lot
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Yes
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Yes
Comparing Model S vs Model
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks
There will be a combined booster static fire. Maybe a few.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ...
Will shut that down. The point is to provide something special that only existing owners can give to friends and it is limited to people.
Only if you want pure joy mainlined straight into your brain
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Busted
Will keep the original Bond Lotus sub as-is. That design can't actually convert from car to sub. Have a new design in mind that does.
True
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
I spoke directly with The President three weeks ago about Paris. Many others have too. Cautiously optimistic of a positive decision.
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian &amp; cyclist safety
Exactly
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
There's just no way. Hundreds of parts and most of wiring harness would have to be replaced. Would cost more to retrofit than trading in.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Hopefully June for those too
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Something cool for sure
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Model , Model X &amp; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision &amp; control software.
Wear underpants
Will do
Black and textured slate versions will be
Yes
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
"Still agree with Tim's points. What ""you"" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time."
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle &amp; practical limits of simultaneity in transfer make this exact thought experiment impossible, but yeah
We got stuck
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground
What pun?
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Moonlight Sonata
Robots that learn by example from
It's sort of like a pickaxe if you use the claw side, but has the added advantage of also hammering
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
And ... it's done
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Of course. Why is that even a question?
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
Going to a barn raising!
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather.
Yes
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Tesla needs to iterate fast on solar roof prefab/install technology, so all installs will be done by Tesla techs at first
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes. Good.
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Yes
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
It's a good one
Thanks for doing it!
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Simple. I like it.
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I don't want to be presumptuous
"I know what you're thinking then why not ""the Third""? Well, I've learned my lesson about 's."
"By calling it ""the Second"", it has more credibility"
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Boring Not Boring
Good one
Been done
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
Landing
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at % of the theoretical load limit.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
My boring TED talk
Couldn't agree more
Extremely
Even more boring
Boring
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
On it now
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Will definitely do that on my next trip
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
That is the aspiration: to avoid AI becoming other.
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Yes
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
July
Pickup truck unveil in to months
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Yeah
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
And so the robots spared humanity ...
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Et tu, Walt?
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
It won't matter
Pretty good
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
Def P100D with Ludicrous+, although the rocket starts going a lot faster after that
We can def bring it back like Dragon. Just a question of how much weight we need to add.
Working on it
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
A lot
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend &amp; Monty Python.
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Thanks Phil!
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within hours.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
No
You won't care
What gave me away?
No
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
Long Neuralink piece coming out on in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Yes
Yes
I believe so
Yup
Oh so little faith
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Yeah
Start taking orders in April
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
No problem
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
It still has one display
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Yup, machine arrives next month and we start digging the tunnel!
I think so
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
Tues/Wed
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Tues/Wed next week
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
Yes, but not until next year
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
How about now?
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Definitely
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yes
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
"Am noticing that many people think Model is the ""next version"" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true."
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Just because I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet doesn't mean I'm an alien
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
I hope that didn't work
~spawn npc.alien
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Except that isn't actually my house ...
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
is a great car, but definitely Model S
Good point
I wish. It's so annoying.
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Ok
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
"Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda ""digitizes"" DC power"
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
Yes, but shipping, taxes/tariffs and installation labor vary by country, as those costs are beyond our control
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
Tesla will get the system installed and working days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
Will send you one
Self-hatred
Thanks JJ!
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
of course
maybe one of those too
Roller coasters are awesome
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Good chance it will
Exactly
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Minor improvements update this weekend. High speed autosteer in about two weeks.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Just posted a video
Baby came back
no
System was green for launch. I called it off.
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R&amp risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
spacex's photo
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
I used that one
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
They are doing India proud
You may come to regret that request
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
"Apparently, there is this thing called ""Dad jokes"" and I make them"
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Exactly. What this person said is untrue.
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
of course it will
Should all be uploaded by next month
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
yes
Hoping for summer this year
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
yes
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to mph in sec
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
No rare earth metals in battery
Almost ready
App update is about two weeks out. Linux kernel and browser update probably a month or so. HW2 Autopilot has priority.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
A lot of terrible things could happen in four years of extremism. Do you really want another war? That's where extremism leads.
Yeah, it is hard to convey complex ideas in chars and tone is lost in text
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Rolling out a new update today.
We should try our best
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
I just had three coffees
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Numeric
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
True. Me being one of them
"Not perfect &amp; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to ""1st"" place means it's essentially on par"
Fair point, sorry
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Exactly
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
"Good grief, I'm not ""working"" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction."
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Mostly anti-drug laws
Exactly
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
The remedy for that is changing the law
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
True!
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Walking down the street and saw this
I wish!
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
Wow, cool!
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
Nuances are important
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
maybe
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Minecraft
Yes. Green cards &amp; dual citizens already ok. Work &amp; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
yes
Headline &amp; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
I agree with creating great jobs, restoring US strength as a great manufacturer of products and anything that makes the future exciting
Yeah, sorry about that
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Strategic &amp; Policy Forum
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President.
It is not
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the countrys challenges
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people &amp; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution &amp; hope good comes of it.
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yup
Maybe next month
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
No they don't
Was wondering what those were
Sigh
That may be a difficult award to decline
"Tillerson also said that the risk of climate change does exist and he believed action should be taken"""
"... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."""
"Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: ""I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ..."
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
I share The Economist's opinion that he should be given the benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive, understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team. His team is now the USA.
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
months maybe, months definitely
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
For now
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance &amp; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Yes
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Car won't complete camera calibration. Working on software solution to adjust image crop dynamically, so camera more robust to pitch angle.
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
It might. Am not sure.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Report highlight: The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost percent after Autosteer installation.
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
One million
Falcon before launch
Not the ideal ending
There will be many improvements to HW1 over the course of the year
Yes
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
"Rewatched ""Ghost in the Shell"" and the end of ""Colossus: The Forbin Project"""
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Rotates degrees and does a retro burn
It does
Liftoff
All satellites deployed
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
It is
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
It will
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar &amp; sonar.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
That was a great game
via
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph &amp; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
Churchill (non) quotes
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Good idea
Yes
Should complete in . One is def planned for Swift Current, near my cousin's wheat farm where I had my th bday.
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Looking promising for next week
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Some years away, but yes
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Yes
, which hopefully goes out next week.
Hoping for next week. Also going through validation.
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
In work
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Should start changing soon
I am actually going to do this
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Boring, it's what we do
"It shall be called ""The Boring Company"""
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
You too
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Forming a rocket nozzle
A life well lived
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
yes
at least some of them
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
About weeks
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Love the pic tho
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
perfect
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
yes
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
big mobile app update coming with next month
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
sounds right
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do to mph in sec and a sec /4 mile via software update next month
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Love you too!
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Both UV and IR (for heat) reflective. I burn easily &amp; then my nose looks like Rudolph the reindeer, so I totally understand.
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
I like humanity
there will be something special
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
My kids and I are having a great time!
next software update fixes that
might have an early access release ready by then
now wouldn't that be interesting
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
hmmm
one day ...
it is not actually left-handed
unless we do a deployable solar shield like a retractable hard top
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
no
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Thanks!
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
We will probably offer that as an option
exactly
Loving this thread
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already star in all categories).
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
first solar roof deployments will start next summer
Will be on with Ron Baron in about half an hour
Great Model X article by !
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
There would def be millions of agents simultaneously doing a Monte Carlo sim &amp; combining the results to build a map of weaknesses
good chance
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo.
yes
yes
strongly net positive
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
yes
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Dear cult members, I love you
fixing, but in a slightly different way
yeah, great questions
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
Must be a coincidence
no, that's real
Using the automated solid metal snake charger
yes
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
yes
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
of course
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
true and underappreciated
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
This is also what I was alluding to by Model part
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
thanks!
Umm...Autobahn?
obviously wrong
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Sounds like a great move!
Good for Germany!
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
"Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for ""subsidies"", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?"
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Probably not then either
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
Thus I deserve to be top of the target list? Maybe there's a dude who really digs the color gold who is slightly more deserving
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
True, it is a no-win situation
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
Exactly. Those are the best ones.
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
"No irony or uhh ""shade"" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing."
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
More Kerbal!
yes
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
yup
yes
yes
pretty close
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Mach diamonds
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Aiming for Oct unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall battery and Tesla charger.
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot &amp; used browser. No customers were hacked.
thanks for ordering a car!
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
"""smart"" preconditioning should be less dumb in"
also, the Tesla is poison free!
all cars
can't always detect babies and pets
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
its it is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
that's a great one
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
yeah!
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
I love the suggestions!
sounds about right
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
yes
won't affect performance
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
Tesla Model S loses % after k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose %, a BMW -series will lose %, and an Audi A8 will lose %.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
We have not ruled that out.
nope, it wasn't me
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Support &amp; advice from , , &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in years.
It's been a little crazy lately
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
uh oh
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Journalist Q&amp;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Correlation is not causality or ... is it?
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
"Congrats to on her novel, ""Acts of Love""! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional"
Over the entrance of
true
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot &amp; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
probably makes sense to build off the pickup truck chassis
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
good point
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
View of Dragon from cupola
We are definitely patenting this idea
glad people had a great time!
not bad, I like those suggestions
Gigafactory in units of hamster
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
happy birthday!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
as long as I'm alive
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi &amp; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
now Pac
California time
Post should go live on Tesla website around pm
yup
busted
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Lana
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
I am!
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Landing
free Babel fish provided
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
"Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that ""they know better"". Makes no sense."
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: % want it disabled -- not %, %.
It can at moderate range, but our ultrasonics are very good at human (or anything &gt;= water density) detection
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
That is a very good point!
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
much appreciated
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
large amounts of crack
hours normally, but a lot less these days
Sunday is the end of the week
yes
good up to ~160km/h
Our radar is using a wavelength of mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
especially well
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
yes
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
elevation too
only just gained access to physical vehicle
AP process crash would show up in logs
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Maybe didn't realize he turned it off, but the car does issue a loud chime and a visual warning on the instrument cluster.
exactly
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot
It's all fun &amp; games until ...
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From
can't wait to see the costume
Only if I can play a monkey
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
Something like that
already taken care of
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason
I like your tweets!
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Blog on Autopilot by
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
"Thanks. Point of calling it ""beta"" was to emphasize to those who chose to use it that it wasn't perfect."
exactly
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
why?
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
you're right, no point
"Use of word ""beta"" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense."
"Misunderstanding of what ""beta"" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving"
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
Story was fed to LAT &amp; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
seriously
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
thanks
true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
cool, thanks
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Sponsored articles
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
"Article is misleading to readers. No one is ""taking home"" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table."
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
no
Something about a flying metal suit...
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Trippy
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Yay, baby made it home!
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and via
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ...
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
mins to launch
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Really fun Model X review by . Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing!
tambin te amo
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely
Ok
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
coming soon
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too!
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!!
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
yes
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
yes
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure
things like this should be purged shortly
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only % of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
A should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
Godot Full play
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
needs latest update
Activate autopilot X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Thanks
yes
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
"Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
correct
hopefully
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the . It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
k Model orders by end of Sat
Model design sketches
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
k as of am this morning
thanks!
Now k orders
of course
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model order count is now at k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model unveil Part ! Part is super next level, but that's for later
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model order day starting in Australia
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Tesla charger map
being fixed
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much
MIT Technology Review
checking ...
exactly
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Next gen Atlas robot
coming later this year
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs
Sigh
Hi
yeah, that's a great one too
Little bit
"Worth watching ""Nathan for You"" on Comedy Central, particularly the ""Dumb Starbucks"" and ""Mechanic/Realtor"" episodes"
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning
yes
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun
More details on Model unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March and online April
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for : ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Stage would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday.
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article:
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
About mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
mins from static fire test
yes, from F to F
It worked in Texas
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate
Announcing formation of
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
"Not quite ""rarest"". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago &amp; is still around."
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach , but GTO orbit requires ~Mach . The energy needed is the square, i.e. units for space and for orbit.
"It is, however, important to clear up the difference between ""space"" and ""orbit"", as described well by"
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
"Sounds perfect, you had me at ""enterprise""."
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
yes, comes with each car
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Cool!
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
sure
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
ww
roughly days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
"am def '2"""
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
California time
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
First production cars will be handed over on Sept at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late !
Article on and colonizing Mars by
Comments section on this article is awesome
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
"Droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You"" just before it left port"
"Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship ""Of Course I Still Love You""."
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
"My kids love ""The Lost Planet"" by . Now on a rare second read!"
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size)
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Hi Julie!
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Dragon abort test video
Dragon abort test stats: to mph in sec, top speed of mph
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
"While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called ""EM Drive"" with a grain o salt per article"
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
Haha, awesome
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives)
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
"Battery ""breakthroughs"" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy."
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
"You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking ""The Fault in Our Stars"" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named"
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
"Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka ""where are the aliens?"" Really odd that we see no sign of them."
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs)
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
Landing on a stormy sea
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
"""What Are The Civilian Applications?"""
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at M miles, X further than moon.
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here:
Painting the name on the droneship ...
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D to mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
"Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D ""Insane Mode"" acceleration for the first time"
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
"Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to ""push"" against. You must react against ejected mass."
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
"West Coast droneship under construction will be named ""Of Course I Still Love You"""
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
"Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name ""Just Read the Instructions"""
The universe is really, really big
Of course!
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day!
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Taking questions now at
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Roadster upgrade details
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Tesla fast battery swap details
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight .
"Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for ""x-wing"" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll."
Base is ft by ft, with wings that extend width to ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in to months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Good suggestion
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
Noodles in Shinjuku
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
The graph that really matters
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of .
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Wikception
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Long exposure of the Falcon predawn launch from Cape Canaveral
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
"Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! : Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in hrs and mins"""
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents
I do seriously need a haircut
"Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming ""Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths"""
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
Amazing repair job of Falcon ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy
Model S in drag queen competition
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon ocean landing video
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in to weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
th Supercharger goes live
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong?
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Now having breakfast at ...
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
% to %
agreed
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
"Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing """
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice...
"Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is ""awesome"" - Lord Business"
"Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the ""Everything is awesome..."" theme song."
"Value is holding up ""Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - """
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world
Rough cut of Falcon Thaicom flight
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution
true
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Sock monkey of destruction!
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
cool
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower &amp; weighs lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at
mins to liftoff
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Good description of the launch by :
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
"...but only if you like your house ""Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside """
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
"Thanks Woz! "": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"""
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Rocket flight to m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
About the Model S fire ...
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
You can watch the launch at
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Falcon at sunset
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at am California time
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
"Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: ""El miedo no anda en burro"" meaning ""Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"""
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
UDP (yeah you know me) X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Thanks
Taking action. Will be a day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap
Partial recall of Model S
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO . Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle
"Am thinking of doing a movie ""sequel"" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet"
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
"Climate change deniers claim ""scientists disagree"", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades"
"Good article on ""Climate Change"" vs ""Global Warming"" referred by"
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
"Technically, I ""got rich"" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity."
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to , that makes it louder than loud
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
"Hold down voice button &amp; say ""Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic"". Model S can play almost any song via Internet."
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
you're welcome
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this:
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
"Interesting... ""Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy "" via"
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
"New York judge states: ""... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors"". Exactly!"
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
"At the risk of losing more ""cool points"", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides..."
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
"Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover ""bricking""."
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
"Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - """
Sorry, correct link is:
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise!
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by . Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in , it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn.
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods and now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus mins to launch mission to dock with the Space Station
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at :10 am Cape Canaveral time
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Genius move : Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
"Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes ""range test"". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive."
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted : Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia'
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
I love indoor flamethrowers
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica
"Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."""
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
"Exactly MT "" IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea."
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't.
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
"SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "" will SpaceX go public?"""
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
"Tesla articles mins apart: ""This Stock is Screaming Buy"" and ""This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"""
Tesla was just approved for a full Class Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of to . Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
Thanks Shervin!
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
"Liam Neeson's ""Life's Too Short"" sketch is super funny"
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
"Was misquoted by BBC as saying ""Europe's rocket has no chance"". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane ."
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
Original article on Model S from :
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
Falcon rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Review of the Model S by
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept . It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
"Don't know about ""dark manipulators"", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy"
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand.
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
"years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still ""scientists disagree"""
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by .
"Heard an interesting comment at the debate: ""If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."""
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
"""Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love"" are the top most popular passwords after ""password""."
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"""Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love."" - RG"
"Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually ""Mr."" Evil."
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
"Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."""
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod &amp; me) at WME July . hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost.
"""The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"""
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Model S review by Motor Trend
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
"""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP."
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Dragon flies over the SpaceX at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon.
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
T minus seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for * (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Meant to say: prizes for first who do miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
"Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of ""Happy Meal"""
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
"UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "": Front page NYTimes."
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Falcon and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by ft tall lightning towers
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
launched a rocket into the northern lights
"Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called ""Frodo"". Watch out for Gollum! My precious..."
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
"At the Samovar having tea called ""monkey picked iron goddess of mercy"". Those monkeys sure know their tea."
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Tesla Model X video
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
Just posted a photo
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
The lady doth protest too little.
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
"Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase ""break a leg"" doesn't mean what he thinks it does"
"Once more, with feeling! ""North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"""
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...
"Kids these days are so grown up! RT ""Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"""
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for : world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
"Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing ""Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby"" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ..."
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
"Liked ""Screw Business as Usual"" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move."
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
So true
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired:
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound...
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
"Read ""Lying"", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!"
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S go to . Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
Ok
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Exactly
Yes
Probability at % &amp; rising rapidly due to new architecture
Congratulations
Coming soon
Yes
Got it
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville &amp; across Mexico.
Yep
Yes
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to % of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities &amp; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
Ok
Wow!
This is incorrect. Vast majority of vehicle motion is returned to the battery, as the electric motors act like a generator in reverse. Brake pads on a Tesla literally never need to be replaced for lifetime of the car.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!!
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
Thanks, hope you have a good holiday! Your insight on autonomy is excellent.
Sigh
Yes
Leeward side needs nothing, windward side will be activity cooled with residual (cryo) liquid methane, so will appear liquid silver even on hot side
Glad youre ok!
Starship will look like liquid silver
Haha
Maybe
Much less
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Stainless Steel Starship
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Yes! People are almost always surprised to learn that Earths gravitational reach is infinite. Zero gravity is achieved by zooming around Earth super fast until outward acceleration equals inward acceleration of gravity.
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time.
Engineering is true magic
Yezzz
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Our superalloy foundry is now almost fully operational. This allows rapid iteration on Raptor.
SpaceX metallurgy team developed SX500 superalloy for psi, hot oxygen-rich gas. It was hard. Almost any metal turns into a flare in those conditions.
Thanks!
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster &amp; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well &amp; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons &amp; Mars.
Coldformed at cryo
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height &amp; diameter.
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
Exactly
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
Yes
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel &amp; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys &amp; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
If Tesla committed delivery &amp; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
Coming soon
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Try connecting to WiFi
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Only if Dawkins joins
Interesting
Bajirao Mastani
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Yes
Haha
Namaste
Needs a warmup
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Thanks, will consider next year
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
Join our underground movement!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) &amp; tow or flatbed it out
Ok
Autopilot doesnt need the guide wheels. Theyre only there if there is a complete system failure. Turns will definitely be banked in future.
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake?
Exactly
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber &amp; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp &amp; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
Passive lateral safety is required by regulators &amp; I think theyre right. Might be able to build this into the tunnel wall though. So long as the vehicle is prevented by physics from rolling or jackknifing, there is probably a good safety argument.
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Pop up, park and walk!
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
Precisely
Presentation starting at :15
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
Actually way more capacity, way faster &amp; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Yes
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Yeah, I wrote that back in , almost years ago!
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers &amp; cell phones. It takes many design iterations &amp; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla!
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Tis
Medieval Futurism
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Thanks!
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats &amp; just wipe it off.
Congratulations!
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
You got it
Pretty good. I have confirmation turned off on my engineering build &amp; interventions are rare. Probably ready to enable no confirmation setting next month.
Zero Suit
God Fire
ramen is sooo good
Exactly
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
About to days
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
No need to wait. Its super easy to swap the HW2 and HW3 computers. Sensors are the same.
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Yes
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
Probably next month
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
Probably end of next year
So true
This is a very misleading edit. Please post the full transcript where I complete the sentence.
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Full self-driving option is required with the Tesla designed hardware computer. This is a simple plug in replacement for the NVidia computer, but has over X the image processing ability.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Machete!!
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car -2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldnt exist or would have started much later.
Yeah, we wanted to name our company after Tesla, the great scientist/engineer, but use of the Tesla name in automotive was already trademarked in the US, Europe &amp; later China.
Buying took over a decade, $11M &amp; amazing amount of effort. Didnt like even when we were only making .
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
Yes
Interesting
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
The new design is metal
As far as we know, its the largest single piece titanium casting in the world. Major improvement over the old aluminum grid fins, as the titanium doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Pump is single string. Some landing systems are not redundant, as landing is considered ground safety critical, but not mission critical. Given this event, we will likely add a backup pump &amp; lines.
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Us too sigh
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
satellites on this flight!
Were adding police car, fire truck &amp; ambulance to the Tesla neural net in coming months
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop &amp; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
It is so hard to move in armor!
Youre all hired!
Yes no maybe
None shall pass!
Ok
Good advice
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
Glad youre ok
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
Incoming rocket &amp; fairing probably visible, but landing itself is over the horizon
You got it!
Three things, one of which is CH4
No
No
Reentry scorchmarks, not simple soot. Cant wipe it off.
Haha
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
True
Both
Your Tesla can function as a boat for brief periods of time
One day
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
Update soon
Sorry
Boring breakthrough
Definitely
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
That would be cool
Haha kinda true
Never heard of it
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Yes
This is completely backwards. Based on what weve learned from the Hawthorne test tunnel, were moving forward with a much larger tunnel network under LA. Wont need a second test tunnel under Sepulveda.
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Tiny wizard
to years
Engineers, artists &amp; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Touch
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then , , &amp; are the places to be.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
liters of pure water costs $1
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Ah yes fair point
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Not yet
trouble
Earth is
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up &amp; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks &amp; heatshield
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Signing off for a while
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Starships were meant to fly
Starship Tooters
Good one
Good idea
Coming soon
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Should be next week
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
Later versions will
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Renaming BFR to Starship
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
Yes
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
No, its got enough load capacity &amp; volume to carry the battery pack &amp; our current pack energy density is about double that of original Roadster. Still, it would probably only save about % to % of effort, all things considered.
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts &amp; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
What really matters is time to volume production, not initial market intro. Apart from brief moments, Tesla vehicle production is limited by total battery output.
Lot on our plate, so its either get van gliders (no battery, powertrain or compute tech) from Daimler &amp; produce sooner or do all &amp; produce later. Not a big difference to total vehicles produced either way. Priority list is Model Y, solar roof tiles, pickup, semi, Roadster.
Ok
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Absolutely agree
Investigating
Probably mid
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
Should be possible. Please ask service &amp; lmk response.
No, but perhaps in a few years
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA &amp; USAF are supportive.
Radical change
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
It will alert Tesla service automatically as fan power required to achieve target pressure drop exceeds spec level
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Missed miku concert sigh
Listening to Better Now
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation &amp; transport
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
Haha
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
While (!castle) {brick++};
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Fortnite irl
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Not much but it is ours
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
We have to truck to departure rail head &amp; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too &amp; trains dont leave often.
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Yes
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
We bought some trucking companies &amp; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
We will fight Big Tequila!
That would be awesome
Easily accessible energy
Send me a note!
Would be fun to add to Tesla
Yes
Will try again next month
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Is he ok?
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms &amp; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for grant money. They earn vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
That is true &amp; should be applauded. Right move is for oil companies truly to think of themselves as energy companies, but move rapidly towards clean, sustainable energy. Means lower profits short-term, but will make them stronger long-term.
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Good, but not hospital grade. S &amp; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid &amp; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
Fair point, will reenable
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Cool
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield &amp; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
But comments are
LA/Hawthorne demonstration tunnel activates Dec . Runs parallel to freeway from Crenshaw Blvd to .
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
Sure, we can do it
Zeroth Law
Foundation of psychohistory
I am not
True
B or !2B
Love Oumuamua jokes
Remember the future
Oh hi guys lol
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating &amp; decelerating
So underappreciated
Ok
Ok
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
What is love?
Bikini Bottom
Fair
Yes, that is how
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Wow thats cool!
Kids these days have it easy
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Haha
First movie I ever saw in theaters
When the only existing life was a sponge
Although it was in the precambrian era
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Yes
Definitely
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa &amp; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China &amp; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules &amp; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California &amp; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Amazing results by at Tesla Gigafactory Nevada! Very much appreciate extreme hard work it took to achieve this result. Together with Pana Japan cell plants, Tesla/Pana partnership is producing ~60% of global EV battery output!
Prob to weeks
v true
cute
Haha
Bring Me the Horizon
Aiming for next week
Norway
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas &amp; East Coast in st half of quarter
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
Um yes
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon &amp; say whos the pet now
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid &amp; park.
Cool haha
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep st one or it will confuse the authorities.
Good point, might put that one back
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Signing off Twitter for a few days ...
Dont worry, well make it right
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund &amp; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
No, but I will
Isnt it obvious?
Worth it
True
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
Haha
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Lacks scale
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Exactly
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
Glad youre ok
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
Good question
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
I wish
Taking action. Tesla body shops now operating in California aiming for same day body repair in most cases.
Yes Zorbix
Sir, I would never
Yes, I am a little girl. Ok, not that little. Or a girl.
Making progress
I said dankest not darkest omg
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Its pretty hot
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Ok
Fire and Ice
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Love the Concorde
Bound to happen
Yes
Time
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
Midnight
My twitter feed rn
Then the hell with science!
Not moths tho
Send me ur dankest memes!!
in
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Model was top-selling car in US by revenue despite no advertising, no paid endorsements &amp; no discounts. Competitors spent billions on marketing. Model was product alone.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Same
Howd they know!?
Around mid
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit &amp; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Working on it
That is correct
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Wanna buy some Bitcoin?
And I own a chibi Wolverine
ianime
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get days to return for refund, else day
Former
Will be in next point release
Hopefully, a few months for Drive on Navigation capability. We need to address differences in how lane lines are painted. Varies greatly by country.
Good point
Interesting
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Under LA (Hawthorne)
mph | km/h
Opening event that night &amp; free rides for the public next day
Pretty close, actually
I think real
Opens Dec
The first tunnel is almost done
N00B!
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Good idea!
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Coming soon
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Digital Style!
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
No, bored me, I will not
Maybe phone as controller
Exactly
Coming
Yes
Reality is hard
Online doesnt count
Coming soon
No
Thats next
Had to been done ur welcome
I hope this is true!
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model &amp; super simple new order page
Week or two
Love the Reddit comments too
Dog saves her puppies
y
Youll see
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Special Circumstances
Yes
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Yes, aiming for next few months
True, but this will improve dramatically over next several months &amp; all Tesla cars ever produced (except early Roadsters) will get improvements for free. Continuous, free over-the-air software updates is a big part of why a Tesla retains so much value over time.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Insightful article by David
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I believe its $5k
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Somewhere between % &amp; %
To be clear, actual NN improvement is significantly overestimated in this article. V9.0 vs V8.1 is more like a ~400% increase in useful ops/sec due to enabling integrated GPU &amp; better use of discrete GPU.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Still a long way to go
Model motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Yes
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
It is time to create a mecha
NERV
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Love Your Name
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
Towelie
Good idea!
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
Wow, mechanical logic gates
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth &amp; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens &amp; we destroy ourselves
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Yes
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Visual approximation
Teslaquila coming soon
Glad youre safe
Beautiful picture
Yes, its hard to find. Not sure why.
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
This is incorrect
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Studebaker Museum in South Bend
Punctuality is not my strong suit
Wed be nothing without our fans
Because is obviously louder than
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
It sure does. Very reliable.
You are right
A reminder of why its important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Warms my
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
(Credit )
Falcon has landed
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo.
What city &amp; what Model config?
My fav character
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Yes
Yes, but in that were creating a generalized autonomy solution. Must work in millions of strange situations.
Blade Runner Esper Edition Vangelis
Actually, its of forward cameras in rear view mirror assembly. External cameras will auto-activate in future if car is damaged while parked.
Fair point
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds &amp; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Only if theyre extremely tiny
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years
Rococo Basilisk is
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
The CIO of a major pension fund is the one who deserves credit for uncovering this scam
The big funds can &amp; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively &amp; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market &amp; without clear consent of the shareholder
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors &amp; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base &amp; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
I hope to be less wrong over time
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
What they do should be illegal
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
This is amazing
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
If you think Tesla is overvalued compared to probable value of future cash flows, sell. Otherwise, buy.
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
True
Sorry about the typo. That was unforgivable. Why would they be upset about their mission? Its what they do.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Great verdict
Could be worse
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar &amp; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Naughty by Nature
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
That was intense
i
!! Will take action.
And remember
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What would be great is original Elite
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
Tesla Owners
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Tricky one
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun &amp; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Probably for a base to be built
Mars Base Alpha
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear &amp; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia &amp; other important car terms at
Key technical point is that the polar moment of inertia (concentration of mass around center) of a Tesla, to the extent of our knowledge, is better than any other production car. This positively affects safety, handling &amp; driving feel. Extremely important metric.
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
Haha true
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Wow, glad theyre ok!
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Tesla Rangers!
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Yes
True
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
Will do. Love Reddit.
Space Bar
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions &amp; anyone will be able to go
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Sorry! So many bots!!
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Very close
Always
Yes
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Thanks for helping fund a rocket &amp; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
Probably V10 alpha build
Yes, albeit a beta version. Will improve with V9.1.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied &amp; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Very interesting
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Yes, I do
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
With lasers
My fav tweet ever
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
Ok
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Forward moving wing
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Awesome
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production &amp; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Yes
Yeah, thats our problem. Service &amp; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes &amp; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock &amp; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
True
"Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. """
Hi Dustin!
The Tesla board has done incredible work overseeing the largest value creation in the auto industry in + years, despite many setbacks. Tesla owes its very existence to this board!
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Wut?
Haha
Intentionally so
Electric cars made with sunlight
Yes
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
Thoughtful feedback
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Best show in the multiverse!
No, service will stock all colors
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red &amp; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Looks cool
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
is about the right cell size, but I dont recommend copying our current module design. Far too difficult to manufacture.
Like sands through the hourglass
types of people in the world: those who understand binary &amp; those who dont
Will do soon, as promised
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
I am a business magnet
Good times with
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Tesla st, nd &amp; rd in August sales
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
The multi-coat colors (pearl white &amp; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth &amp; complexity
Sorry, weve put pretty extreme rules in place for paint &amp; quality in general. If need be, were repainting/replacing entire sections of car or building whole new cars. Got to be done.
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
I was told that his parents preferred that his name not be mentioned
V cool
So you actually did nothing &amp; yet imply you are a truth-seeker. The Twitter name you chose is .
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Its coming, I swear
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Sure
I want that outfit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
This is why a small company with tight focus &amp; high energy can beat a big company without
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks &amp; other service costs.
Most major customers have tried it &amp; love it. Now we need to finish production design &amp; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Maybe
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Whats cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
Its almost done
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
This is actually real
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids &amp; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Ok
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
So many saved drafts. So so many.
Im dying to
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good &amp; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
Coming soon
Definitely
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Didnt like it
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Excession
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Version
Ford &amp; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Great meeting you!
Nvidia makes great hardware. High respect for Jensen &amp; company. Our hardware needs were just unique &amp; matched tightly to our software.
Model review by Unbox ... via
Missile Command &amp; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Blue too
Hex nostalgia
e f f d f e
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &amp; Katz and Munger, Tolles &amp; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
Open to it at some point. You did an impressive amount of work on this article.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
ETH beam heh heh
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Model traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow
Great Q&amp;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new &amp; delightful to see.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model &amp; bringing Y to market
He was amazing
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Busted
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
Of course
Unis3x
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
What are your fav short shorts?
S3XY
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Put them on &amp; post a selfie
.. hqr sz wut.
Awesome
Love this from P&amp: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern &amp; strict &amp; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Yes
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
Def no forced sales. Hope all shareholders remain. Will be way smoother &amp; less disruptive as a private company. Ends negative propaganda from shorts.
Yes, but liquidity events would be limited to every months or so (like SpaceX)
No change
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares &amp; go private
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Yes
I dont have a controlling vote now &amp; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Good morning
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Maybe Thursday
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Yes
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
Early access will have bugs (usually minor, but you never know for sure), so would not advise early access unless youre prepared to have something go wrong
Tesla Autopilot Team
Everywhere
Much more interesting
Games &amp; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X &amp; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S &amp; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Glad youre enjoying Model &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0.
Yup
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
The humans
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Very tiny
Performance Model review by
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Still as true today as it was years ago
Squirrels
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Definitely
Bioshock is amazing
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Cool idea!
Good idea &amp; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
Yup
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
We will try to squeeze it in
What are your favorites?
Yes
Yes
Yes
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
Science
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert &amp; raise you a Chris McKay
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
We should be really worried about this
No
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front &amp; rear seats at same time
Were adding a party &amp; camper mode soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision &amp; brutal economics. Great background.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Yes, minifloats
Yes
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
All are important. You will see.
-bit floating point?
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Yes
The future is accelerating
Probably ships next summer
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
This is great.
Thanks Phil
Machines that go ping
Whats technology?
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Wagnerian
Yes
Mtor Trnd
Great!
Weve gone from ~1000 S/X deliveries per week in US last year to ~6000 S/3/X. Its like hitting a square wave.
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here &amp; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Haha
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 &amp; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
Wall Street
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain &amp; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
Yes, Tesla Model S, X &amp; all automatically keep cabin temperature within safe limits even when parked
Ok
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Hes a good guy
Always look on the bright side of life
It is much better
Sorry
I love that scene
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Dont make me bite my thumb at you
For sure
Btw, is calling &amp; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime &amp; save lives of many birds.
No kidding
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago &amp; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Figuratively, literally or both?
That has always been our goal
This chart only shows globally competed commercial launches, not US government missions. Other US refers to Boeing &amp; Lockheed. Their skill at obtaining govt contracts &amp; subsidies vastly exceeds ours.
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Definitely. We gave up some grip &amp; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires &amp; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims &amp; tires.
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
I wish
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths &amp; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness &amp; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
Good point
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
Yes, about % of what I donated to , which is a reasonable amount to maintain an open dialogue
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Thanks Jack. To be clear, I am not a conservative. Am registered independent &amp; politically moderate. Doesnt mean Im moderate about all issues. Humanitarian issues are extremely important to me &amp; I dont understand why they are not important to everyone.
Actually true
Hold up a mirror &amp; see if it fogs
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Safe to lick. I checked.
In a month or so
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely &amp; smell first. Ur welcome.
Lvl Neutral Good Half-Elf Fighter/Magic-user
Yes
Wizard alien
Yeah, but I got gp &amp; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
Interesting read
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Performance version suspension is cm lower &amp; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
Even have the URL
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Sure, will call tomorrow
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics &amp; engineering
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Would love to. Its been too long.
Prob early next year
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
Sure
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
So true
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued &amp; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sounds good
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Damn, now I want donuts
Yeah
Good point. Maybe use non-plumbers with work inspected/approved by pros.
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues &amp; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm &amp; ppb test results &amp; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Great move
Why sir
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Good point
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Yes, and springy, like a highly damped trampoline
Well it looked smaller on paper
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump &amp; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Makes a lot of sense
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option &amp; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Please lmk results of your water tests
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Should be very soon. Weve already made around Model Performance cars for test drives in stores.
Exactly
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers &amp; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Already have
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue &amp; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science &amp; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry &amp; at std air pressure entire time.
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review &amp; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey &amp; demonstrate at any time.
The former Thai provincial governor (described inaccurately as rescue chief) is not the subject matter expert. That would be Dick Stanton, who co-led the dive rescue team. This is our direct correspondence:
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
Ok
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Thanks, but weve not done anything useful yet. It is all other people.
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Tube diameter is cm
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Thanks for letting us use your pool
It is an honor to work with them
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
It is both alarming &amp; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio &amp; phone/music player.
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
Design based on dive team feedback (primarily Stanton): air / oxygen ports front &amp; rear, front ports protected by nosecone. Dual O-ring seal on acrylic rear plate with clear view of occupant head. Leak/buckling proof to X cave water pressure.
I am an engineer
Tight control code is always C
Python is done right. Great name story too.
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Python
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Turbo
C
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
Yes
Yes
Fitted for a kid or small adult to minimize open air. Segmented compartments to place rocks or dive weights &amp; adjust bouyancy.
Yes
handles/hitch points on front &amp; on rear. air tank connections on front &amp; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Ground winds would
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Cant be too buoyant
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Good idea
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod &amp; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary &amp; less susceptible to panic attack.
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube &amp; rock wall.
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I would def recommend this
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks &amp; front/rear rope tow hitch &amp; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
Interesting
Great, thanks
Inflatable tubes &amp; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand &amp; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out &amp; water wont come in
Does you know output voltage &amp; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
SpaceX &amp; Boring Co engineers headed to Thailand tomorrow to see if we can be helpful to govt. There are probably many complexities that are hard to appreciate without being there in person.
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd &amp; rd would need battery packs, air pumps &amp; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up &amp; then transit.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Have a small velcro slit entrance &amp; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
Maybe worth trying: insert a m diameter nylon tube (or shorter set of tubes for most difficult sections) through cave network &amp; inflate with air like a bouncy castle. Should create an air tunnel underwater against cave roof &amp; auto-conform to odd shapes like the cm hole.
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for &amp; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
I know you &amp; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
I didnt ask anyone and the people who sent the snapshots dont work for me. They just dont like hypocrites.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos &amp; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Are you % certain that stands by &amp; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
True
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
What a coincidence
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
Exactly. , I just asked a simple question. Please answer.
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings &amp; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him &amp; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X &amp;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production &amp; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work &amp; .
., why did you mislead the people public about this number?
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
Happy to support
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar &amp; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Belfast is beautiful
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set &amp; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Should be coming soon
I will buy tons of your merch
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Camera &amp; onboard neural net should detect. If very close (below ft), will show up on ultrasonics
Ok, will look into it
I suspect that the Thai govt has this under control, but Im happy to help if there is a way to do so
You never know ..
Loona
Ideas &amp; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Yeah I like ICP
Noted
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Whoop whoop
The Spice Flows
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Sure
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
cars, days Tesla Team
Then whats this wand for?
Who likes short shorts?
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Excession
Engineering is magic
Love Awesomo
Space Laser
Spacebow
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
The Spice. Must. Flow.
Open the Knaack HAL
obv
the money
Follow the
Busted. Its me.
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks Bill
Paint shop
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
We need more &amp; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We didnt steal his mug crayon drawing of a farting unicorn, We didnt benefit from it, We dont want it, And we still offered to pay for it. You are a jackass.
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Bronco rocks
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working &amp; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
For sure
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Youre welcome!
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
That will be standard
That goes without saying
lb towing capacity
It will
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
It will parallel park automatically &amp; have degree cameras &amp; sonar
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Virtue signaling is super annoying &amp; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
We must aspire to truth
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
True
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children &amp; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan &amp; often inaccurate
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
This Washington Post article seems good
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death &amp; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe &amp; open to all.
This doesnt take into account shifting trillions of tons of carbon from subsurface to atmosphere, which could accelerate overheating time by a factor of a million (or so). This is why Tesla.
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old &amp; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
Good news coming soon
Yes
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life &amp; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Life is good
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets
So strange
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Its real
Thanks!
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum &amp; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Road, Hawthorne
.sus
haha
He had a way with words
I was dying to use the word sus
Working in the factory
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
Which rolls out today
Will be there in next release
So big you cant believe it
srsly
Vicious torque
Tesla factory rn
Good catch!
Exactly
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Thanks
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
Infinity Work, the Reality game
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car &amp; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Its called Top Secret
Yes
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
We will add a config to lower the alert
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Sure
Congratulations!
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people &amp; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Dune. The spice must flow.
We power the press in . Ironic.
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
Because honey is a vegetable
Considerably less so than our competitors (longer discussion)
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Exactly
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak &amp; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
Great name. A little on the nose.
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
Yeah, all-inclusive tax rate of % seems about right. Below % is unrealistic for critical govt functions unless national defense is de facto outsourced &amp; above % too negatively affects economic output.
Cool video
Thank you for helping those in need
To be clear, Tesla European Headquarters will remain in Netherlands
Yup
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Original Star Wars
Hahaha
Die frhliche Wissenschaft und Eristische Dialektik: Die Kunst, Recht zu Behalten
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Where are they?
Where are you going to march?
That seems unlikely
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
I am one of the top donors to
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
I think so
I hope the kids are ok
Shelter
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
They look beautiful
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable &amp; a great view of the mountains.
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga &amp; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
They also poured the concrete &amp; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
No
Needed another general assembly line to reach k/week Model production. A new building was impossible, so we built a giant tent in weeks. Tesla team kfa!! Gah, love them so much
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow &amp; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Your union brothers
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Thanks, good advice
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union &amp; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks &amp; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla &amp; me via rd parties.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) &amp; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
They started it &amp; attacked me personally
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent &amp; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing &amp; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years &amp; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford &amp; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Engels wrote nd &amp; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Wanted to help transition the world to sustainable, clean energy and extend life as we know it beyond Earth. Those problems require a lot of hardware.
Wow, you know nothing &amp; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change &amp; you couldnt care less.
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Iron pyrite
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
Youre just a troll/bot, but I will reply anyway. I arrived in Montreal at by myself with $2k. No support, no contacts, nothing. Father said Id fail &amp; be back in months.
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
You think all companies are bad and all unions good? Thats a very bigoted position.
Well said
Then youll be fine
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter &amp; simpler than most.
...which clearly doesnt work. UAW and Wall Street shorts know every detail of whats happening at Tesla. Storm clouds are gathering, so theyre getting desperate.
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
How big is your short position? Just curious.
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda &amp; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest &amp; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls &amp; far left shills to trash Tesla &amp; me in press &amp; social media. Such creeps.
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Was originally called Puff the Magic Dragon, as people said I was high if though it could work, so I named it after their insult.
Iain certainly wasnt pro-union in the Culture books. At all. And wouldnt be in the case of Tesla. Banks was about freedom through &amp; through. Maybe for a single buyer (monopsony) vs single seller (monopoly), I would be too, but thats a special case.
SX &amp; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance &amp; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Love you too
Fair point
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldnt resist)
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd &amp; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
I dare you to stop following me. Do it.
Ok
The enemy of my enemy is myself
Exactly
Libertinarian
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
All of them, especially Surface Detail
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I disagree with that goal &amp; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
That is why it is critical to support competition. Excess profits draw in competitors who then drive down prices.
lol
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Might actually be his!
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Yes
Sigh
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Lake Show
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
No
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother &amp; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption &amp; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
A socialist
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
What is yours?
What is your utopia?
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape &amp; size of those streams.
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
I always wanted to do a terms &amp; conditions cover of Green Eggs &amp; Ham
Foundation Series &amp; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks &amp; George Martin.
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. Its pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
My donations are anonymous
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dankonia
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries &amp; will use none in next gen
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
That is actual footage
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet &amp; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing &amp; were never going to make them again.
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
Not recommended for urban environments
Yes
The actual amount of time I spend on Twitter is tiny. My tweets are literally what Im thinking at the moment, not carefully crafted corporate bs, which is really just banal propaganda.
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
Add an R for Roadster
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
Will do
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) &amp; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now &amp; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory &amp; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$&amp; fetch_joystick_state function.
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU &amp; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly &amp; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
More background: I arrived in North America at w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
years ago, when my st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly
Terms &amp; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
Yes
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Coming soon
I think so
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
First Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today!
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast &amp; excellent outcome
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
Gigafactory should be on % renewable energy (primarily solar with some wind) by next year. Rollout of solar already begun.
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Definitely. Will also have Augmented Mode that will massively enhance human driving ability. Like a flying metal suit, but in car form
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S &amp; X w HW2 Autopilot &amp; all Model cars.
Working on improving
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Tip of the day
Coming soon
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little
Good morning, Sonic. Not sure how to break it to you, but
We have about projects underway in Puerto Rico
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Definitely
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Next year
Twitter is so dark
No no
That is horrifying
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The future
Exactly!
I was an alien
Usually, they dont even realize it. All they know is that some PR agency is pushing a story that will get clicks. That is the true nature of the corruption. It is rare that US media knowingly writes a false story just for clicks, but they are often manipulated into doing so.
Actually true!
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels &amp; everythings just fine
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Glad youre ok!
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Mid for RHD
That sounds like a fun adventure!
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel &amp; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Model should be second best in world after Model S/X. Still super good, but we went a little on S/X.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind
Model S &amp; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter &amp; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
Do it
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Natrlich
Definitely
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Finders keepers
Hi !
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Hell of a week
Just for perspective
True, no one is perfect
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp; accurate in their criticism.
Ride comfort &amp; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
Prob
Yes
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
Pneumatic means propelled by air. Opposite of Hyperloop.
Braking &amp; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise &amp; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
Yeah, absolutely
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
Like you guys too
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube &amp; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Would love to be in India. Some challenging government regulations, unfortunately. Deepak Ahuja, our CFO, is from India. Tesla will be there as soon as he believes we should.
Good progress. Really proud of this design &amp; SpaceX propulsion team. This engine is something special.
Peace
Love the space cowboy esthetic
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language &amp; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science &amp; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Great book. Read it when it came out.
Exactly
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Yeah
Second best answer to the Fermi Paradox after the simulation argument
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Yes
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
You have so many great pics &amp; factoids!
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions &amp; not lose money.
I really want to make this cupholder
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size &amp; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp &amp; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force &amp; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Good school
Had a great time with my kids
Yes
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people &amp; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Thanks
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Pointing out to aspiring journo &amp; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
Youre missing the point &amp; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election &amp; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
Yup, deleted
? It should
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking &amp; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack &amp; have the sticky tires.
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers &amp; sport level brakes
Keyword future
Will do another rev before final design
I was
Thats what I had in mind
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender &amp; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Its not
Thats a great song!
Sometimes when I have hurt feelings, I play this song
No, thats the other guy
So true
Because Twitter is fun
USAToday FTW!
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
But femtotech is the future
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that dumb public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh...
A Tesla has a usable reserve of to miles range even after the battery reads empty. This will not hurt the pack.
Pretty good. TinTin A &amp; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
Its cool for kids &amp; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away &amp; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Does the psych ward know you smuggled in a mobile phone?
The pain will end
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening
Gwynne has been prez of SpaceX for years &amp; well-deserved
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude &amp; nonsensical.
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Prob end of next year
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Model was designed for min engineering &amp; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe &amp; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year &amp; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Worth a shot
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles &amp; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest &amp; yet believe that same public is too stupid &amp; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
The Tesla facility is open plan &amp; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well &amp; they are some of the worst &amp; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
No
Nano applies to everything &amp; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world &amp; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law &amp; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
Done
Have a confirmed real name identity section &amp; an unconfirmed identity section. Latter with subscore that excludes probable botnets.
Be careful what you wish for
Amazingly, the media is awesome vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll
My point exactly
Ahem, you have nano in your bio. That is % synonymous with bs.
Reddit is great
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
I did to any who asked
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product &amp; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like &amp; what needs to be improved
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Gasoline or diesel?
What car do you drive?
March
The media
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Definitely
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Yo
Thats the basic idea
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Yeah, I think you do great work
If youre in media &amp; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
Ive never stopped a union vote nor removed a union. UAW abandoned this factory. Tesla arrived &amp; gave people back their jobs. They havent forgotten UAW betrayed them. Thats why UAW cant even get people to attend a free BBQ, let alone enough sigs for a vote.
Of course
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla &amp; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real &amp; be a good company.
No, theyre just some rich kids in Berkeley who took their political science prof too seriously
Will do
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Thats why editors are included too
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Even if some of the public doesnt care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek &amp; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
Exactly
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
An exception that proves the rule
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful &amp; the public will believe you again.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis &amp; Oblivion
I am not cool
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
Thanks. Not super fun right now
Busted
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together &amp; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics &amp; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Great idea!
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM &amp; Chrysler into bankruptcy &amp; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago &amp; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them &amp; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote &amp; find out.
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM &amp; Chrysler to bankruptcy &amp; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over &amp; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry &amp; everyone knows it.
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Good point
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness &amp; enforcement of class lords &amp; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers &amp; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, &amp; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler &amp; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
No problem
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
I didnt meet with him
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
Have been meaning to get around to talking to him. Some of his criticisms are valid, but, on the higher body/chassis weight front, he wasnt fully appreciating that we were going for much higher crash safety levels than other cars.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
ABS calibration algorithm
Also, Consumer Reports has an early production car. Model now has improved ride comfort, lower wind noise &amp; many other small improvements. Will request that they test current production.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Stop, youre making me blush
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp &amp; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Very strange. Model is designed to have super good stopping distance &amp; others reviewers have confirmed this. If there is vehicle variability, we will figure it out &amp; address. May just be a question of firmware tuning, in which case can be solved by an OTA software update.
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers &amp; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues &amp; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW &amp; everybody already gets healthcare.
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines &amp; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak &amp; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature &amp; triangulation
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
For sure before snowfall this year
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
With production, st you need achieve target rate &amp; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money &amp; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla &amp; live.
That means nothing. Literally your Mom could file for NLRB.
Exactly ! That will be really fun &amp; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried &amp; hourly, union &amp; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally &amp; on social media &amp; lied about it.
Yes
Exactly
They can form a union whenever they want &amp; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
They are correct. Its awesome. Second best driving feel of any car in the world imo, apart from Model S. Traction control precision is super tight.
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Depends on when you placed your initial reservation. We start delivering the dual motor Model in July.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Good idea ...
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; dont get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec &amp; top speed to mph.
Black &amp; white interior available only for Model Performance initially due to limited parts availability. Will broaden over time.
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
Exactly
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
Im about to test the configurator &amp; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
That is the way to go. Thanks for buying our cars!
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black &amp; white interior.
AC induction front &amp; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output &amp; get double the burn-in.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed &amp; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
He taunts us with his speed
Just an ordinary snail
His name is Gary &amp; hes a snail
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
lol
Listening to REALiTi
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Yes
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
It certainly needs to be better &amp; we work to improve it every day, but perfect is enemy of good. A system that, on balance, saves lives &amp; reduces injuries should be released.
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Yes
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Lovely story
If someone is trying to control us through complicated sky patterns, they must really care. I would gladly obey their instructions, but I cant figure them out.
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over &amp; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars &amp; eventually outer planets.
Good piece by Ars
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines &amp; trains in general.
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Yo
Will make that a setting
Fossil fuels subsidized at $10 million a minute, hours a day, days a week
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla &amp; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Launching in ~4 mins
AWD &amp; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
I love it too, but trying to keep config simple so as not to blow up the production ramp
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD &amp; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
A cool thing about the design is thats easy to incorporate branch loops to serve small to mid size cities without slowing down the main loop at all
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels &amp; faster than jetliner.
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country &amp; will be there in person for the launch.
This will work on entire S &amp; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
All X &amp; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high &amp; you enable feature
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter
So rococo
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Stole it
We sketched concept together &amp; worked w a trusted team to make it
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Hi Danielle!
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much.
Literally every word is untrue
Thats a white rose on my jacket &amp; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels &amp; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Prob iTunes, but whatever works u is fine. Most people dont buy music &amp; artist earnings from streaming are tiny. Mostly about touring.
Flesh without Blood &amp; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Love Powerglide too
Yes
Rococo basilisk
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
(Sigh) I do like Ty, but shes a friend. We are not dating.
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. Its actually true.
Im killin me lol
lol
Hi Sarah
Then Im going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Cryptocandy
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
What do you think were living in?
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
I am super super serious
Im starting a candy company &amp; its going to be amazing
This will be bigger
I try so hard to help them
Thanks for letting me know. Will expedite. Sorry for the delay.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
New Roadster will have that
Yes, definitely not
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Yup
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
We went through the same drama on S &amp; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Exactly
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp; X are producing major positive cash flow &amp; Model is about to do same.
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Youre most welcome
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place &amp; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
Woke Frisbee
La la la
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Ars Technica
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Ok
Thats how I use my eyebrows too
I have prehensile eyebrows
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Dont make me use my space lasers
I know such an underserved market
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex &amp; Psycho on playlist
Mostly not
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working /7 to activate several hundred more.
Russia has great rocket technology &amp; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Doing our best
Now
Driving a Model and playing
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
We already do targeted retro burn to a specific point in Pacific w no islands or ships, so upper stage doesnt become a dead satellite. Need to retarget closer to shore &amp; position catcher ship like Mr Steven.
And then land on a bouncy house
Yeah, but great for creating a giant object that retains its shape across all Mach regimes &amp; drops ballistic coefficient by orders of magnitude
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Too wasted to remember
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable &amp; cash flow+ in Q3 &amp; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
Maybe a little
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
I love trolls
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Place your bets
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
How many views?
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship
Free viewing ends in about hours
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Looking into it now
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Similar timing
So probably July
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Model is the whole point. We only made the more expensive cars in order to make the mass-market car. We lacked the economies of scale and expertise to make it until now.
The cat videos are awesome
at M views after hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Exactly
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
This is false
Oh, its on
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering &amp; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng &amp; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide &amp; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Tesla policy is to issue a recall *before* there are injuries. This is absolutely the right thing to do. Yet there were dozens of recalls by other car companies last month, incl w injuries &amp; deaths, but you only wrote an article about Tesla. Why so?
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately &amp; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Oh yeah, forgot to mention it actually landed fine, just not on Mr Steven
What about this?
Elon University is a real place
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
As you wish
Its the best
"Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by ""Teslaquilla"" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!"
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Important news in a few hours
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
Everythings better with fire
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Tru drat
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel &amp; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Yes. I forgot my sword.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon &amp; makes a big diff.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
And they said Id never be a rock star
Yes
Uhh, its literally made of rock
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Prob May
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Shocker
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness &amp; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Youll live
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB &amp; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Ok
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Literally never seen it even once
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Whats Facebook?
Wow, a whole week. Risky ...
Umm...yes
Yes
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company!
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
Sorry
Model X pulls a lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface
Thanks!
Sounds like this canton has style!
Ok
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Better to be in the Model X
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Petra and Mars
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel &amp; Jordan.
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
Thanks for your support over all those years!
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Oh you guys ...
Yeah. I find it soothing.
Yes
Good point
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Resist
Thinkularity
Thud!
Great idea!
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
On the Westworld set with my bro
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail &amp; make them work without creativity &amp; invention.
No, its not
None of the above
Tunnels
Because blue
I guess you could say its a mph, underground, autonomous, electric bus that automatically switches between tunnels and lifts. So, yes, a bus.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Definitely
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. Its a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone cant afford a car, they should go first.
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Heavy sigh
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
To be clear, I think a fair outcome for all is quite likely. China has already shown a willingness to open their markets and I believe they will do the right thing.
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Do you think the US &amp; China should have equal &amp; fair rules for cars? Meaning, same import duties, ownership constraints &amp; other factors.
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Depends on what you mean by doom
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag &amp; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Almost done
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Probably about a tenth of the cost and a fifth of the time
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
And New York
And we are even worse than that in California
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Can someone please do that!? I would def go.
That was a DM, right?
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
About a month
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon as it falls back from space at
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Thats just random
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
My new toaster
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
No
A Shortfall of Gravitas
A third is under construction
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be &amp; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Side boosters landing on droneships &amp; center expended is only ~10% performance penalty vs fully expended. Cost is only slightly higher than an expended F9, so around $95M.
Of course
Maybe that plan works out, but I will seriously eat my hat with a side of mustard if that rocket flies a national security spacecraft before
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
Love and Rockets
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt.
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. An exciting future lies ahead!
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
On the rocket LZ
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
Currently over Australia
Live view of Starman
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Rocket LZ and
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for :45 liftoff
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Flight profile
Live webcast of the launch at
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
Thanks
Regular departures ...
Starman in Red Roadster
Florida time
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Mars Awaits
Pale blue dot
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowies Life on Mars.
Customs problem solved!
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they wont allow shipment of anything called a Flamethrower. To solve this, we are renaming it Not a Flamethrower.
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Release candidate in final testing phase
No
I think weve figured it out
Yes
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
A snowthrower would be really fun
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Flamethrowers sold out
Of course
Yes
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
From the worlds leading experts in zombie defense
Now thats a real flamethrower
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
k
~3k
So hard to keep future product releases secret
k
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Coming soon
Sure
Sentience is overrated
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
Ok
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
The rumor that Im secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Hmmm
Unless you like fun
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
ordered already, only left!
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Dont do this
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
Great for roasting nuts
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Say hello to my little friend
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so.
Check for updates
Done
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
That sounds cool. Will do.
Fixed in next release
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
Of course. And an outdoor screen that plays a highlight reel of the best scenes in movie history.
Near
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
High res video of landing from the helo
Live video from LZ-1
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
thanks!
There and back again
Thanks Jon!
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
